   Halder lowered his sword. ¡°He yielded,¡± he echoed.
   Ser Alliser¡¯s onyx eyes were fixed on Jon Snow. ¡°It would seem our Bastard is in love,¡± he said as Jon helped the fat boy to his feet. ¡°Show me your steel, Lord Snow.¡±
   Jon drew his longsword. He dared defy Ser Alliser only to a point, and he feared he was well beyond it now.
   Thorne smiled. ¡°The Bastard wishes to defend his lady love, so we shall make an exercise of it. Rat, Pimple, help our Stone Head here.¡± Rast and Albett moved to join Halder. ¡°Three of you ought to be sufficient to make Lady Piggy squeal. All you need do is get past the Bastard.¡±
   ¡°Stay behind me,¡± Jon said to the fat boy. Ser Alliser had often sent two foes against him, but never three. He knew he would likely go to sleep bruised and bloody tonight. He braced himself for the assault.
   Suddenly Pyp was beside him. ¡°Three to two will make for better sport,¡± the small boy said cheerfully. He dropped his visor and slid out his sword. Before Jon could even think to protest, Grenn had stepped up to make a third.
   The yard had grown deathly quiet. Jon could feel Ser Alliser¡¯s eyes. ¡°Why are you waiting?¡± he asked Rast and the others in a voice gone deceptively soft, but it was Jon who moved first. Halder barely got his sword up in time.
   Jon drove him backward, attacking with every blow, keeping the older boy on the heels. Know your foe, Ser Rodrik had taught him once; Jon knew Halder, brutally strong but short of patience, with no taste for defense. Frustrate him, and he would leave himself open, as certain as sunset.
   The clang of steel echoed through the yard as the others joined battle around him. Jon blocked a savage cut at his head, the shock of impact running up his arm as the swords crashed together. He slammed a sidestroke into Halder¡¯s ribs, and was rewarded with a muffled grunt of pain. The counterstroke caught Jon on the shoulder. Chainmail crunched, and pain flared up his neck, but for an instant Halder was unbalanced. Jon cut his left leg from under him, and he fell with a curse and a crash.
   Grenn was standing his ground as Jon had taught him, giving Albett more than he cared for, but Pyp was hard-pressed. Rast had two years and forty pounds on him. Jon stepped up behind him and rang the raper¡¯s helm like a bell. As Rast went reeling, Pyp slid in under his guard, knocked him down, and leveled a blade at his throat. By then Jon had moved on. Facing two swords, Albett backed away. ¡°I yield,¡± he shouted.
   Ser Alliser Thorne surveyed the scene with disgust. ¡°The mummer¡¯s farce has gone on long enough for today.¡± He walked away. The session was at an end.
   Dareon helped Halder to his feet. The quarryman¡¯s son wrenched off his helm and threw it across the yard. ¡°For an instant, I thought I finally had you, Snow.¡±
   ¡°For an instant, you did,¡± Jon replied. Under his mail and leather, his shoulder was throbbing. He sheathed his sword and tried to remove his helm, but when he raised his arm, the pain made him grit his teeth.
   ¡°Let me,¡± a voice said. Thick-fingered hands unfastened helm from gorget and lifted it off gently. ¡°Did he hurt you?¡±
   ¡°I¡¯ve been bruised before.¡± He touched his shoulder and winced. The yard was emptying around them.
   Blood matted the fat boy¡¯s hair where Halder had split his helm asunder. ¡°My name is Samwell Tarly, of Horn?.?.?.?¡± He stopped and licked his lips. ¡°I mean, I was of Horn Hill, until I?.?.?.?left. I¡¯ve come to take the black. My father is Lord Randyll, a bannerman to the Tyrells of Highgarden. I used to be his heir, only?.?.?.?¡± His voice trailed off.
   ¡°I¡¯m Jon Snow, Ned Stark¡¯s bastard, of Winterfell.¡±
   Samwell Tarly nodded. ¡°I?.?.?.?if you want, you can call me Sam. My mother calls me Sam.¡±
   ¡°You can call him Lord Snow,¡± Pyp said as he came up to join them. ¡°You don¡¯t want to know what his mother calls him.¡±
   ¡°These two are Grenn and Pypar,¡± Jon said.
   ¡°Grenn¡¯s the ugly one,¡± Pyp said.
   Grenn scowled. ¡°You¡¯re uglier than me. At least I don¡¯t have ears like a bat.¡±
   ¡°My thanks to all of you,¡± the fat boy said gravely.
   ¡°Why didn¡¯t you get up and fight?¡± Grenn demanded.
   ¡°I wanted to, truly. I just?.?.?.?I couldn¡¯t. I didn¡¯t want him to hit me anymore.¡± He looked at the ground. ¡°I?.?.?.?I fear I¡¯m a coward. My lord father always said so.¡±
   Grenn looked thunderstruck. Even Pyp had no words to say to that, and Pyp had words for everything. What sort of man would proclaim himself a coward?
   Samwell Tarly must have read their thoughts on their faces. His eyes met Jon¡¯s and darted away, quick as frightened animals. ¡°I?.?.?.?I¡¯m sorry,¡± he said. ¡°I don¡¯t mean to?.?.?.?to be like I am.¡± He walked heavily toward the armory.
   Jon called after him. ¡°You were hurt,¡± he said. ¡°Tomorrow you¡¯ll do better.¡±
