   ¡°Cold?¡± A hard frost was settling over the castle, and Jon could hear the soft crunch of grey weeds beneath his boots.
   Sam nodded miserably. ¡°I hate the cold,¡± he said. ¡°Last night I woke up in the dark and the fire had gone out and I was certain I was going to freeze to death by morning.¡±
   ¡°It must have been warmer where you come from.¡±
   ¡°I never saw snow until last month. We were crossing the barrowlands, me and the men my father sent to see me north, and this white stuff began to fall, like a soft rain. At first I thought it was so beautiful, like feathers drifting from the sky, but it kept on and on, until I was frozen to the bone. The men had crusts of snow in their beards and more on their shoulders, and still it kept coming. I was afraid it would never end.¡±
   Jon smiled.
   The Wall loomed before them, glimmering palely in the light of the half moon. In the sky above, the stars burned clear and sharp. ¡°Are they going to make me go up there?¡± Sam asked. His face curdled like old milk as he looked at the great wooden stairs. ¡°I¡¯ll die if I have to climb that.¡±
   ¡°There¡¯s a winch,¡± Jon said, pointing. ¡°They can draw you up in a cage.¡±
   Samwell Tarly sniffled. ¡°I don¡¯t like high places.¡±
   It was too much. Jon frowned, incredulous. ¡°Are you afraid of everything?¡± he asked. ¡°I don¡¯t understand. If you are truly so craven, why are you here? Why would a coward want to join the Night¡¯s Watch?¡±
   Samwell Tarly looked at him for a long moment, and his round face seemed to cave in on itself. He sat down on the frost-covered ground and began to cry, huge choking sobs that made his whole body shake. Jon Snow could only stand and watch. Like the snowfall on the barrowlands, it seemed the tears would never end.
   It was Ghost who knew what to do. Silent as shadow, the pale direwolf moved closer and began to lick the warm tears off Samwell Tarly¡¯s face. The fat boy cried out, startled?.?.?.?and somehow, in a heartbeat, his sobs turned to laughter.
   Jon Snow laughed with him. Afterward they sat on the frozen ground, huddled in their cloaks with Ghost between them. Jon told the story of how he and Robb had found the pups newborn in the late summer snows. It seemed a thousand years ago now. Before long he found himself talking of Winterfell.
   ¡°Sometimes I dream about it,¡± he said. ¡°I¡¯m walking down this long empty hall. My voice echoes all around, but no one answers, so I walk faster, opening doors, shouting names. I don¡¯t even know who I¡¯m looking for. Most nights it¡¯s my father, but sometimes it¡¯s Robb instead, or my little sister Arya, or my uncle.¡± The thought of Benjen Stark saddened him; his uncle was still missing. The Old Bear had sent out rangers in search of him. Ser Jaremy Rykker had led two sweeps, and Quorin Halfhand had gone forth from the Shadow Tower, but they¡¯d found nothing aside from a few blazes in the trees that his uncle had left to mark his way. In the stony highlands to the northwest, the marks stopped abruptly and all trace of Ben Stark vanished.
   ¡°Do you ever find anyone in your dream?¡± Sam asked.
   Jon shook his head. ¡°No one. The castle is always empty.¡± He had never told anyone of the dream, and he did not understand why he was telling Sam now, yet somehow it felt good to talk of it. ¡°Even the ravens are gone from the rookery, and the stables are full of bones. That always scares me. I start to run then, throwing open doors, climbing the tower three steps at a time, screaming for someone, for anyone. And then I find myself in front of the door to the crypts. It¡¯s black inside, and I can see the steps spiraling down. Somehow I know I have to go down there, but I don¡¯t want to. I¡¯m afraid of what might be waiting for me. The old Kings of Winter are down there, sitting on their thrones with stone wolves at their feet and iron swords across their laps, but it¡¯s not them I¡¯m afraid of. I scream that I¡¯m not a Stark, that this isn¡¯t my place, but it¡¯s no good, I have to go anyway, so I start down, feeling the walls as I descend, with no torch to light the way. It gets darker and darker, until I want to scream.¡± He stopped, frowning, embarrassed. ¡°That¡¯s when I always wake.¡± His skin cold and clammy, shivering in the darkness of his cell. Ghost would leap up beside him, his warmth as comforting as daybreak. He would go back to sleep with his face pressed into the direwolf s shaggy white fur. ¡°Do you dream of Horn Hill?¡± Jon asked.
   ¡°No.¡± Sam¡¯s mouth grew tight and hard. ¡°I hated it there.¡± He scratched Ghost behind the ear, brooding, and Jon let the silence breathe. After a long while Samwell Tarly began to talk, and Jon Snow listened quietly, and learned how it was that a self-confessed coward found himself on the Wall.
