   The Tarlys were a family old in honor, bannermen to Mace Tyrell, Lord of Highgarden and Warden of the South. The eldest son of Lord Randyll Tarly, Samwell was born heir to rich lands, a strong keep, and a storied two-handed greatsword named Heartsbane, forged of Valyrian steel and passed down from father to son near five hundred years.
   Whatever pride his lord father might have felt at Samwell¡¯s birth vanished as the boy grew up plump, soft, and awkward. Sam loved to listen to music and make his own songs, to wear soft velvets, to play in the castle kitchen beside the cooks, drinking in the rich smells as he snitched lemon cakes and blueberry tarts. His passions were books and kittens and dancing, clumsy as he was. But he grew ill at the sight of blood, and wept to see even a chicken slaughtered. A dozen masters-at-arms came and went at Horn Hill, trying to turn Samwell into the knight his father wanted. The boy was cursed and caned, slapped and starved. One man had him sleep in his chainmail to make him more martial. Another dressed him in his mother¡¯s clothing and paraded him through the bailey to shame him into valor. He only grew fatter and more frightened, until Lord Randyll¡¯s disappointment turned to anger and then to loathing. ¡°One time,¡± Sam confided, his voice dropping from a whisper, ¡°two men came to the castle, warlocks from Qarth with white skin and blue lips. They slaughtered a bull aurochs and made me bathe in the hot blood, but it didn¡¯t make me brave as they¡¯d promised. I got sick and retched. Father had them scourged.¡±
   Finally, after three girls in as many years, Lady Tarly gave her lord husband a second son. From that day, Lord Randyll ignored Sam, devoting all his time to the younger boy, a fierce, robust child more to his liking. Samwell had known several years of sweet peace with his music and his books.
   Until the dawn of his fifteenth name day, when he had been awakened to find his horse saddled and ready. Three men-at-arms had escorted him into a wood near Horn Hill, where his father was skinning a deer. ¡°You are almost a man grown now, and my heir,¡± Lord Randyll Tarly had told his eldest son, his long knife laying bare the carcass as he spoke. ¡°You have given me no cause to disown you, but neither will I allow you to inherit the land and title that should be Dickon¡¯s. Heartsbane must go to a man strong enough to wield her, and you are not worthy to touch her hilt. So I have decided that you shall this day announce that you wish to take the black. You will forsake all claim to your brother¡¯s inheritance and start north before evenfall.
   ¡°If you do not, then on the morrow we shall have a hunt, and somewhere in these woods your horse will stumble, and you will be thrown from the saddle to die?.?.?.?or so I will tell your mother. She has a woman¡¯s heart and finds it in her to cherish even you, and I have no wish to cause her pain. Please do not imagine that it will truly be that easy, should you think to defy me. Nothing would please me more than to hunt you down like the pig you are.¡± His arms were red to the elbow as he laid the skinning knife aside. ¡°So. There is your choice. The Night¡¯s Watch,¡± he reached inside the deer, ripped out its heart, and held it in his fist, red and dripping, ¡°or this.¡±
   Sam told the tale in a calm, dead voice, as if it were something that had happened to someone else, not to him. And strangely, Jon thought, he did not weep, not even once. When he was done, they sat together and listened to the wind for a time. There was no other sound in all the world.
   Finally Jon said, ¡°We should go back to the common hall.¡±
   ¡°Why?¡± Sam asked.
   Jon shrugged. ¡°There¡¯s hot cider to drink, or mulled wine if you prefer. Some nights Dareon sings for us, if the mood is on him. He was a singer, before?.?.?.?well, not truly, but almost, an apprentice singer.¡±
   ¡°How did he come here?¡± Sam asked.
   ¡°Lord Rowan of Goldengrove found him in bed with his daughter. The girl was two years older, and Dareon swears she helped him through her window, but under her father¡¯s eye she named it rape, so here he is. When Maester Aemon heard him sing, he said his voice was honey poured over thunder.¡± Jon smiled. ¡°Toad sometimes sings too, if you call it singing. Drinking songs he learned in his father¡¯s winesink. Pyp says his voice is piss poured over a fart.¡± They laughed at that together.
   ¡°I should like to hear them both,¡± Sam admitted, ¡°but they would not want me there.¡± His face was troubled. ¡°He¡¯s going to make me fight again on the morrow, isn¡¯t he?¡±
   ¡°He is,¡± Jon was forced to say.
   Sam got awkwardly to his feet. ¡°I had better try to sleep.¡± He huddled down in his cloak and plodded off.
   The others were still in the common room when Jon returned, alone but for Ghost. ¡°Where have you been?¡± Pyp asked.
   ¡°Talking with Sam,¡± he said.
