   ¡°An inn,¡± Ser Rodrik repeated wistfully. ¡°If only?.?.?.?but we dare not risk it. If we wish to remain unknown, I think it best we seek out some small holdfast?.?.?.?¡± He broke off as they heard sounds up the road; splashing water, the clink of mail, a horse¡¯s whinny. ¡°Riders,¡± he warned, his hand dropping to the hilt of his sword. Even on the kingsroad, it never hurt to be wary.
   They followed the sounds around a lazy bend of the road and saw them; a column of armed men noisily fording a swollen stream. Catelyn reined up to let them pass. The banner in the hand of the foremost rider hung sodden and limp, but the guardsmen wore indigo cloaks and on their shoulders flew the silver eagle of Seagard. ¡°Mallisters,¡± Ser Rodrik whispered to her, as if she had not known. ¡°My lady, best pull up your hood.¡±
   Catelyn made no move. Lord Jason Mallister himself rode with them, surrounded by his knights, his son Patrek by his side and their squires close behind. They were riding for King¡¯s Landing and the Hand¡¯s tourney, she knew. For the past week, the travelers had been thick as flies upon the kingsroad; knights and freeriders, singers with their harps and drums, heavy wagons laden with hops or corn or casks of honey, traders and craftsmen and whores, and all of them moving south.
   She studied Lord Jason boldly. The last time she had seen him he had been jesting with her uncle at her wedding feast; the Mallisters stood bannermen to the Tullys, and his gifts had been lavish. His brown hair was salted with white now, his face chiseled gaunt by time, yet the years had not touched his pride. He rode like a man who feared nothing. Catelyn envied him that; she had come to fear so much. As the riders passed, Lord Jason nodded a curt greeting, but it was only a high lord¡¯s courtesy to strangers chance met on the road. There was no recognition in those fierce eyes, and his son did not even waste a look.
   ¡°He did not know you,¡± Ser Rodrik said after, wondering.
   ¡°He saw a pair of mud-spattered travelers by the side of the road, wet and tired. It would never occur to him to suspect that one of them was the daughter of his liege lord. I think we shall be safe enough at the inn, Ser Rodrik.¡±
   It was near dark when they reached it, at the crossroads north of the great confluence of the Trident. Masha Heddle was fatter and greyer than Catelyn remembered, still chewing her sourleaf, but she gave them only the most cursory of looks, with nary a hint of her ghastly red smile. ¡°Two rooms at the top of the stair, that¡¯s all there is,¡± she said, chewing all the while. ¡°They¡¯re under the bell tower, you won¡¯t be missing meals, though there¡¯s some thinks it too noisy. Can¡¯t be helped. We¡¯re full up, or near as makes no matter. It¡¯s those rooms or the road.¡±
   It was those rooms, low, dusty garrets at the top of a cramped narrow staircase. ¡°Leave your boots down here,¡± Masha told them after she¡¯d taken their coin. ¡°The boy will clean them. I won¡¯t have you tracking mud up my stairs. Mind the bell. Those who come late to meals don¡¯t eat.¡± There were no smiles, and no mention of sweet cakes.
   When the supper bell rang, the sound was deafening. Catelyn had changed into dry clothes. She sat by the window, watching rain run down the pane. The glass was milky and full of bubbles, and a wet dusk was falling outside. Catelyn could just make out the muddy crossing where the two great roads met.
   The crossroads gave her pause. If they turned west from here, it was an easy ride down to Riverrun. Her father had always given her wise counsel when she needed it most, and she yearned to talk to him, to warn him of the gathering storm. If Winterfell needed to brace for war, how much more so Riverrun, so much closer to King¡¯s Landing, with the power of Casterly Rock looming to the west like a shadow. If only her father had been stronger, she might have chanced it, but Hoster Tully had been bedridden these past two years, and Catelyn was loath to tax him now.
   The eastern road was wilder and more dangerous, climbing through rocky foothills and thick forests into the Mountains of the Moon, past high passes and deep chasms to the Vale of Arryn and the stony Fingers beyond. Above the Vale, the Eyrie stood high and impregnable, its towers reaching for the sky. There she would find her sister?.?.?.?and, perhaps, some of the answers Ned sought. Surely Lysa knew more than she had dared to put in her letter. She might have the very proof that Ned needed to bring the Lannisters to ruin, and if it came to war, they would need the Arryns and the eastern lords who owed them service.
