   ¡°Your first battle?¡± Bronn asked later as he bent over Jyck¡¯s body, pulling off his boots. They were good boots, as befit one of Lord Tywin¡¯s men; heavy leather, oiled and supple, much finer than what Bronn was wearing.
   Tyrion nodded. ¡°My father will be so proud,¡± he said. His legs were cramping so badly he could scarcely stand. Odd, he had never once noticed the pain during the battle.
   ¡°You need a woman now,¡± Bronn said with a glint in his black eyes. He shoved the boots into his saddlebag. ¡°Nothing like a woman after a man¡¯s been blooded, take my word.¡±
   Chiggen stopped looting the corpses of the brigands long enough to snort and lick his lips.
   Tyrion glanced over to where Lady Stark was dressing Ser Rodrik¡¯s wounds. ¡°I¡¯m willing if she is,¡± he said. The freeriders broke into laughter, and Tyrion grinned and thought, There¡¯s a start.
   Afterward he knelt by the stream and washed the blood off his face in water cold as ice. As he limped back to the others, he glanced again at the slain. The dead clansmen were thin, ragged men, their horses scrawny and undersized, with every rib showing. What weapons Bronn and Chiggen had left them were none too impressive. Mauls, clubs, a scythe?.?.?.?He remembered the big man in the shadowskin cloak who had dueled Ser Rodrik with a two-handed greatsword, but when he found his corpse sprawled on the stony ground, the man was not so big after all, the cloak was gone, and Tyrion saw that the blade was badly notched, its cheap steel spotted with rust. Small wonder the clansmen had left nine bodies on the ground.
   They had only three dead; two of Lord Bracken¡¯s men-at-arms, Kurleket and Mohor, and his own man Jyck, who had made such a bold show with his bareback charge. A fool to the end, Tyrion thought.
   ¡°Lady Stark, I urge you to press on, with all haste,¡± Ser Willis Wode said, his eyes scanning the ridgetops warily through the slit in his helm. ¡°We drove them off for the moment, but they will not have gone far.¡±
   ¡°We must bury our dead, Ser Willis,¡± she said. ¡°These were brave men. I will not leave them to the crows and shadowcats.¡±
   ¡°This soil is too stony for digging,¡± Ser Willis said.
   ¡°Then we shall gather stones for cairns.¡±
   ¡°Gather all the stones you want,¡± Bronn told her, ¡°but do it without me or Chiggen. I¡¯ve better things to do than pile rocks on dead men?.?.?.?breathing, for one.¡± He looked over the rest of the survivors. ¡°Any of you who hope to be alive come nightfall, ride with us.¡±
   ¡°My lady, I fear he speaks the truth,¡± Ser Rodrik said wearily. The old knight had been wounded in the fight, a deep gash in his left arm and a spear thrust that grazed his neck, and he sounded his age. ¡°If we linger here, they will be on us again for a certainty, and we may not live through a second attack.¡±
   Tyrion could see the anger in Catelyn¡¯s face, but she had no choice. ¡°May the gods forgive us, then. We will ride at once.¡±
   There was no shortage of horses now. Tyrion moved his saddle to Jyck¡¯s spotted gelding, who looked strong enough to last another three or four days at least. He was about to mount when Lharys stepped up and said, ¡°I¡¯ll take that dirk now, dwarf.¡±
   ¡°Let him keep it.¡± Catelyn Stark looked down from her horse. ¡°And see that he has his axe back as well. We may have need of it if we are attacked again.¡±
   ¡°You have my thanks, lady,¡± Tyrion said, mounting up.
   ¡°Save them,¡± she said curtly. ¡°I trust you no more than I did before.¡± She was gone before he could frame a reply.
   Tyrion adjusted his stolen helm and took the axe from Bronn. He remembered how he had begun the journey, with his wrists bound and a hood pulled down over his head, and decided that this was a definite improvement. Lady Stark could keep her trust; so long as he could keep the axe, he would count himself ahead in the game.
   Ser Willis Wode led them out. Bronn took the rear, with Lady Stark safely in the middle, Ser Rodrik a shadow beside her. Marillion kept throwing sullen looks back at Tyrion as they rode. The singer had broken several ribs, his woodharp, and all four fingers on his playing hand, yet the day had not been an utter loss to him; somewhere he had acquired a magnificent shadowskin cloak, thick black fur slashed by stripes of white. He huddled beneath its folds silently, and for once had nothing to say.
   They heard the deep growls of shadowcats behind them before they had gone half a mile, and later the wild snarling of the beasts fighting over the corpses they had left behind. Marillion grew visibly pale. Tyrion trotted up beside him. ¡°Craven,¡± he said, ¡°rhymes nicely with raven.¡± He kicked his horse and moved past the singer, up to Ser Rodrik and Catelyn Stark.
   She looked at him, lips pressed tightly together.
