   ¡°I was born a Tully and wed to a Stark,¡± Catelyn said. ¡°I do not frighten easily. Do you plan to light a torch?¡± The steps were black as pitch.
   The girl made a face. ¡°Torches just blind you. On a clear night like this, the moon and the stars are enough. Mychel says I have the eyes of the owl.¡± She mounted and urged her mule up the first step. Catelyn¡¯s animal followed of its own accord.
   ¡°You mentioned Mychel before,¡± Catelyn said. The mules set the pace, slow but steady. She was perfectly content with that.
   ¡°Mychel¡¯s my love,¡± Mya explained. ¡°Mychel Redfort. He¡¯s squire to Ser Lyn Corbray. We¡¯re to wed as soon as he becomes a knight, next year or the year after.¡±
   She sounded so like Sansa, so happy and innocent with her dreams. Catelyn smiled, but the smile was tinged with sadness. The Redforts were an old name in the Vale, she knew, with the blood of the First Men in their veins. His love she might be, but no Redfort would ever wed a bastard. His family would arrange a more suitable match for him, to a Corbray or a Waynwood or a Royce, or perhaps a daughter of some greater house outside the Vale. If Mychel Redfort laid with this girl at all, it would be on the wrong side of the sheet.
   The ascent was easier than Catelyn had dared hope. The trees pressed close, leaning over the path to make a rustling green roof that shut out even the moon, so it seemed as though they were moving up a long black tunnel. But the mules were surefooted and tireless, and Mya Stone did indeed seem blessed with night-eyes. They plodded upward, winding their way back and forth across the face of the mountain as the steps twisted and turned. A thick layer of fallen needles carpeted the path, so the shoes of their mules made only the softest sound on the rock. The quiet soothed her, and the gentle rocking motion set Catelyn to swaying in her saddle. Before long she was fighting sleep.
   Perhaps she did doze for a moment, for suddenly a massive ironbound gate was looming before them. ¡°Stone,¡± Mya announced cheerily, dismounting. Iron spikes were set along the tops of formidable stone walls, and two fat round towers overtopped the keep. The gate swung open at Mya¡¯s shout. Inside, the portly knight who commanded the waycastle greeted Mya by name and offered them skewers of charred meat and onions still hot from the spit. Catelyn had not realized how hungry she was. She ate standing in the yard, as stablehands moved their saddles to fresh mules. The hot juices ran down her chin and dripped onto her cloak, but she was too famished to care.
   Then it was up onto a new mule and out again into the starlight. The second part of the ascent seemed more treacherous to Catelyn. The trail was steeper, the steps more worn, and here and there littered with pebbles and broken stone. Mya had to dismount a half-dozen times to move fallen rocks from their path. ¡°You don¡¯t want your mule to break a leg up here,¡± she said. Catelyn was forced to agree. She could feel the altitude more now. The trees were sparser up here, and the wind blew more vigorously, sharp gusts that tugged at her clothing and pushed her hair into her eyes. From time to time the steps doubled back on themselves, and she could see Stone below them, and the Gates of the Moon farther down, its torches no brighter than candles.
   Snow was smaller than Stone, a single fortified tower and a timber keep and stable hidden behind a low wall of unmortared rock. Yet it nestled against the Giant¡¯s Lance in such a way as to command the entire stone stair above the lower waycastle. An enemy intent on the Eyrie would have to fight his way from Stone step by step, while rocks and arrows rained down from Snow above. The commander, an anxious young knight with a pockmarked face, offered bread and cheese and the chance to warm themselves before his fire, but Mya declined. ¡°We ought to keep going, my lady,¡± she said. ¡°If it please you.¡± Catelyn nodded.
   Again they were given fresh mules. Hers was white. Mya smiled when she saw him. ¡°Whitey¡¯s a good one, my lady. Sure of foot, even on ice, but you need to be careful. He¡¯ll kick if he doesn¡¯t like you.¡±
   The white mule seemed to like Catelyn; there was no kicking, thank the gods. There was no ice either, and she was grateful for that as well. ¡°My mother says that hundreds of years ago, this was where the snow began,¡± Mya told her. ¡°It was always white above here, and the ice never melted.¡± She shrugged. ¡°I can¡¯t remember ever seeing snow this far down the mountain, but maybe it was that way once, in the olden times.¡±
   So young, Catelyn thought, trying to remember if she had ever been like that. The girl had lived half her life in summer, and that was all she knew. Winter is coming, child, she wanted to tell her. The words were on her lips; she almost said them. Perhaps she was becoming a Stark at last.
