   Above Snow, the wind was a living thing, howling around them like a wolf in the waste, then falling off to nothing as if to lure them into complacency. The stars seemed brighter up here, so close that she could almost touch them, and the horned moon was huge in the clear black sky. As they climbed, Catelyn found it was better to look up than down. The steps were cracked and broken from centuries of freeze and thaw and the tread of countless mules, and even in the dark the heights put her heart in her throat. When they came to a high saddle between two spires of rock, Mya dismounted. ¡°It¡¯s best to lead the mules over,¡± she said. ¡°The wind can be a little scary here, my lady.¡±
   Catelyn climbed stiffly from the shadows and looked at the path ahead; twenty feet long and close to three feet wide, but with a precipitous drop to either side. She could hear the wind shrieking. Mya stepped lightly out, her mule following as calmly as if they were crossing a bailey. It was her turn. Yet no sooner had she taken her first step than fear caught Catelyn in its jaws. She could feel the emptiness, the vast black gulfs of air that yawned around her. She stopped, trembling, afraid to move. The wind screamed at her and wrenched at her cloak, trying to pull her over the edge. Catelyn edged her foot backward, the most timid of steps, but the mule was behind her, and she could not retreat. I am going to die here, she thought. She could feel cold sweat trickling down her back.
   ¡°Lady Stark,¡± Mya called across the gulf. The girl sounded a thousand leagues away. ¡°Are you well?¡±
   Catelyn Tully Stark swallowed what remained of her pride. ¡°I?.?.?.?I cannot do this, child,¡± she called out.
   ¡°Yes you can,¡± the bastard girl said. ¡°I know you can. Look how wide the path is.¡±
   ¡°I don¡¯t want to look.¡± The world seemed to be spinning around her, mountain and sky and mules, whirling like a child¡¯s top. Catelyn closed her eyes to steady her ragged breathing.
   ¡°I¡¯ll come back for you,¡± Mya said. ¡°Don¡¯t move, my lady.¡±
   Moving was about the last thing Catelyn was about to do. She listened to the skirling of the wind and the scuffling sound of leather on stone. Then Mya was there, taking her gently by the arm. ¡°Keep your eyes closed if you like. Let go of the rope now, Whitey will take care of himself. Very good, my lady. I¡¯ll lead you over, it¡¯s easy, you¡¯ll see. Give me a step now. That¡¯s it, move your foot, just slide it forward. See. Now another. Easy. You could run across. Another one, go on. Yes.¡± And so, foot by foot, step by step, the bastard girl led Catelyn across, blind and trembling, while the white mule followed placidly behind them.
   The waycastle called Sky was no more than a high, crescent-shaped wall of unmortared stone raised against the side of the mountain, but even the topless towers of Valyria could not have looked more beautiful to Catelyn Stark. Here at last the snow crown began; Sky¡¯s weathered stones were rimed with frost, and long spears of ice hung from the slopes above.
   Dawn was breaking in the east as Mya Stone hallooed for the guards, and the gates opened before them. Inside the walls there was only a series of ramps and a great tumble of boulders and stones of all sizes. No doubt it would be the easiest thing in the world to begin an avalanche from here. A mouth yawned in the rock face in front of them. ¡°The stables and barracks are in there,¡± Mya said. ¡°The last part is inside the mountain. It can be a little dark, but at least you¡¯re out of the wind. This is as far as the mules can go. Past here, well, it¡¯s a sort of chimney, more like a stone ladder than proper steps, but it¡¯s not too bad. Another hour and we¡¯ll be there.¡±
   Catelyn looked up. Directly overhead, pale in the dawn light, she could see the foundations of the Eyrie. It could not be more than six hundred feet above them. From below it looked like a small white honeycomb. She remembered what her uncle had said of baskets and winches. ¡°The Lannisters may have their pride,¡± she told Mya, ¡°but the Tullys are born with better sense. I have ridden all day and the best part of a night. Tell them to lower a basket. I shall ride with the turnips.¡±
   The sun was well above the mountains by the time Catelyn Stark finally reached the Eyrie. A stocky, silver-haired man in a sky-blue cloak and hammered moon-and-falcon breastplate helped her from the basket; Ser Vardis Egen, captain of Jon Arryn¡¯s household guard. Beside him stood Maester Colemon, thin and nervous, with too little hair and too much neck. ¡°Lady Stark,¡± Ser Vardis said, ¡°the pleasure is as great as it is unanticipated.¡± Maester Colemon bobbed his head in agreement. ¡°Indeed it is, my lady, indeed it is. I have sent word to your sister. She left orders to be awakened the instant you arrived.¡±
   ¡°I hope she had a good night¡¯s rest,¡± Catelyn said with a certain bite in her tone that seemed to go unnoticed.
