   The men escorted her from the winch room up a spiral stair. The Eyrie was a small castle by the standards of the great houses; seven slender white towers bunched as tightly as arrows in a quiver on a shoulder of the great mountain. It had no need of stables nor smithys nor kennels, but Ned said its granary was as large as Winterfell¡¯s, and its towers could house five hundred men. Yet it seemed strangely deserted to Catelyn as she passed through it, its pale stone halls echoing and empty.
   Lysa was waiting alone in her solar, still clad in her bed robes. Her long auburn hair tumbled unbound across bare white shoulders and down her back. A maid stood behind her, brushing out the night¡¯s tangles, but when Catelyn entered, her sister rose to her feet, smiling. ¡°Cat,¡± she said. ¡°Oh, Cat, how good it is to see you. My sweet sister.¡± She ran across the chamber and wrapped her sister in her arms. ¡°How long it has been,¡± Lysa murmured against her. ¡°Oh, how very very long.¡±
   It had been five years, in truth; five cruel years, for Lysa. They had taken their toll. Her sister was two years the younger, yet she looked older now. Shorter than Catelyn, Lysa had grown thick of body, pale and puffy of face. She had the blue eyes of the Tullys, but hers were pale and watery, never still. Her small mouth had turned petulant. As Catelyn held her, she remembered the slender, high-breasted girl who¡¯d waited beside her that day in the sept at Riverrun. How lovely and full of hope she had been. All that remained of her sister¡¯s beauty was the great fall of thick auburn hair that cascaded to her waist.
   ¡°You look well,¡± Catelyn lied, ¡°but?.?.?.?tired.¡±
   Her sister broke the embrace. ¡°Tired. Yes. Oh, yes.¡± She seemed to notice the others then; her maid, Maester Colemon, Ser Vardis. ¡°Leave us,¡± she told them. ¡°I wish to speak to my sister alone.¡± She held Catelyn¡¯s hand as they withdrew?.?.?.?
   ?.?.?.?and dropped it the instant the door closed. Catelyn saw her face change. It was as if the sun had gone behind a cloud. ¡°Have you taken leave of your senses?¡± Lysa snapped at her. ¡°To bring him here, without a word of permission, without so much as a warning, to drag us into your quarrels with the Lannisters?.?.?.?¡±
   ¡°My quarrels?¡± Catelyn could scarce believe what she was hearing. A great fire burned in the hearth, but there was no trace of warmth in Lysa¡¯s voice. ¡°They were your quarrels first, sister. It was you who sent me that cursed letter, you who wrote that the Lannisters had murdered your husband.¡±
   ¡°To warn you, so you could stay away from them! I never meant to fight them! Gods, Cat, do you know what you¡¯ve done?¡±
   ¡°Mother?¡± a small voice said. Lysa whirled, her heavy robe swirling around her. Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie, stood in the doorway, clutching a ragged cloth doll and looking at them with large eyes. He was a painfully thin child, small for his age and sickly all his days, and from time to time he trembled. The shaking sickness, the maesters called it. ¡°I heard voices.¡±
   Small wonder, Catelyn thought; Lysa had almost been shouting. Still, her sister looked daggers at her. ¡°This is your aunt Catelyn, baby. My sister, Lady Stark. Do you remember?¡±
   The boy glanced at her blankly. ¡°I think so,¡± he said, blinking, though he had been less than a year old the last time Catelyn had seen him.
   Lysa seated herself near the fire and said, ¡°Come to Mother, my sweet one.¡± She straightened his bedclothes and fussed with his fine brown hair. ¡°Isn¡¯t he beautiful? And strong too, don¡¯t you believe the things you hear. Jon knew. The seed is strong, he told me. His last words. He kept saying Robert¡¯s name, and he grabbed my arm so hard he left marks. Tell them, the seed is strong. His seed. He wanted everyone to know what a good strong boy my baby was going to be.¡±
   ¡°Lysa,¡± Catelyn said, ¡°if you¡¯re right about the Lannisters, all the more reason we must act quickly. We...¡±
   ¡°Not in front of the baby,¡± Lysa said. ¡°He has a delicate temper, don¡¯t you, sweet one?¡±
   ¡°The boy is Lord of the Eyrie and Defender of the Vale,¡± Catelyn reminded her, ¡°and these are no times for delicacy. Ned thinks it may come to war.¡±
   ¡°Quiet!¡± Lysa snapped at her. ¡°You¡¯re scaring the boy.¡± Little Robert took a quick peek over his shoulder at Catelyn and began to tremble. His doll fell to the rushes, and he pressed himself against his mother. ¡°Don¡¯t be afraid, my sweet baby,¡± Lysa whispered. ¡°Mother¡¯s here, nothing will hurt you.¡± She opened her robe and drew out a pale, heavy breast, tipped with red. The boy grabbed for it eagerly, buried his face against her chest, and began to suck. Lysa stroked his hair.
