   ¡°That is because you do not sleep with a Lannister.¡± Robert laughed, the sound rattling among the tombs and bouncing from the vaulted ceiling. His smile was a flash of white teeth in the thicket of the huge black beard. ¡°Ah, Ned,¡± he said, ¡°you are still too serious.¡± He put a massive arm around Ned¡¯s shoulders. ¡°I had planned to wait a few days to speak to you, but I see now there¡¯s no need for it. Come, walk with me.¡±
   They started back down between the pillars. Blind stone eyes seemed to follow them as they passed. The king kept his arm around Ned¡¯s shoulder. ¡°You must have wondered why I finally came north to Winterfell, after so long.¡±
   Ned had his suspicions, but he did not give them voice. ¡°For the joy of my company, surely,¡± he said lightly. ¡°And there is the Wall. You need to see it, Your Grace, to walk along its battlements and talk to those who man it. The Night¡¯s Watch is a shadow of what it once was. Benjen says...¡±
   ¡°No doubt I will hear what your brother says soon enough,¡± Robert said. ¡°The Wall has stood for what, eight thousand years? It can keep a few days more. I have more pressing concerns. These are difficult times. I need good men about me. Men like Jon Arryn. He served as Lord of the Eyrie, as Warden of the East, as the Hand of the King. He will not be easy to replace.¡±
   ¡°His son?.?.?.?¡± Ned began.
   ¡°His son will succeed to the Eyrie and all its incomes,¡± Robert said brusquely. ¡°No more.¡±
   That took Ned by surprise. He stopped, startled, and turned to look at his king. The words came unbidden. ¡°The Arryns have always been Wardens of the East. The title goes with the domain.¡±
   ¡°Perhaps when he comes of age, the honor can be restored to him,¡± Robert said. ¡°I have this year to think of, and next. A six-year-old boy is no war leader, Ned.¡±
   ¡°In peace, the title is only an honor. Let the boy keep it. For his father¡¯s sake if not his own. Surely you owe Jon that much for his service.¡±
   The king was not pleased. He took his arm from around Ned¡¯s shoulders. ¡°Jon¡¯s service was the duty he owed his liege lord. I am not ungrateful, Ned. You of all men ought to know that. But the son is not the father. A mere boy cannot hold the east.¡± Then his tone softened. ¡°Enough of this. There is a more important office to discuss, and I would not argue with you.¡± Robert grasped Ned by the elbow. ¡°I have need of you, Ned.¡±
   ¡°I am yours to command, Your Grace. Always.¡± They were words he had to say, and so he said them, apprehensive about what might come next.
   Robert scarcely seemed to hear him. ¡°Those years we spent in the Eyrie?.?.?.?gods, those were good years. I want you at my side again, Ned. I want you down in King¡¯s Landing, not up here at the end of the world where you are no damned use to anybody.¡± Robert looked off into the darkness, for a moment as melancholy as a Stark. ¡°I swear to you, sitting a throne is a thousand times harder than winning one. Laws are a tedious business and counting coppers is worse. And the people?.?.?.?there is no end of them. I sit on that damnable iron chair and listen to them complain until my mind is numb and my ass is raw. They all want something, money or land or justice. The lies they tell?.?.?.?and my lords and ladies are no better. I am surrounded by flatterers and fools. It can drive a man to madness, Ned. Half of them don¡¯t dare tell me the truth, and the other half can¡¯t find it. There are nights I wish we had lost at the Trident. Ah, no, not truly, but?.?.?.?
   ¡°I understand,¡± Ned said softly.
   Robert looked at him. ¡°I think you do. If so, you are the only one, my old friend.¡± He smiled. ¡°Lord Eddard Stark, I would name you the Hand of the King.¡±
   Ned dropped to one knee. The offer did not surprise him; what other reason could Robert have had for coming so far? The Hand of the King was the second-most powerful man in the Seven Kingdoms. He spoke with the king¡¯s voice, commanded the king¡¯s armies, drafted the king¡¯s laws. At times he even sat upon the Iron Throne to dispense king¡¯s justice, when the king was absent, or sick, or otherwise indisposed. Robert was offering him a responsibility as large as the realm itself.
   It was the last thing in the world he wanted.
   ¡°Your Grace,¡± he said. ¡°I am not worthy of the honor.¡±
   Robert groaned with good-humored impatience. ¡°If I wanted to honor you, I¡¯d let you retire. I am planning to make you run the kingdom and fight the wars while I eat and drink and wench myself into an early grave.¡± He slapped his gut and grinned. ¡°You know the saying, about the king and his Hand?¡±
   Ned knew the saying. ¡°What the king dreams,¡± he said, ¡°the Hand builds.¡±
