   Robert reached for the flagon and refilled his cup. ¡°You see what she does to me, Ned.¡± The king seated himself, cradling his wine cup. ¡°My loving wife. The mother of my children.¡± The rage was gone from him now; in his eyes Ned saw something sad and scared. ¡°I should not have hit her. That was not?.?.?.?that was not kingly.¡± He stared down at his hands, as if he did not quite know what they were. ¡°I was always strong?.?.?.?no one could stand before me, no one. How do you fight someone if you can¡¯t hit them?¡± Confused, the king shook his head. ¡°Rhaegar?.?.?.?Rhaegar won, damn him. I killed him, Ned, I drove the spike right through that black armor into his black heart, and he died at my feet. They made up songs about it. Yet somehow he still won. He has Lyanna now, and I have her.¡± The king drained his cup.
   ¡°Your Grace,¡± Ned Stark said, ¡°we must talk?.?.?.?¡±
   Robert pressed his fingertips against his temples. ¡°I am sick unto death of talk. On the morrow I¡¯m going to the kingswood to hunt. Whatever you have to say can wait until I return.¡±
   ¡°If the gods are good, I shall not be here on your return. You commanded me to return to Winterfell, remember?¡±
   Robert stood up, grasping one of the bedposts to steady himself. ¡°The gods are seldom good, Ned. Here, this is yours.¡± He pulled the heavy silver hand clasp from a pocket in the lining of his cloak and tossed it on the bed. ¡°Like it or not, you are my Hand, damn you. I forbid you to leave.¡±
   Ned picked up the silver clasp. He was being given no choice, it seemed. His leg throbbed, and he felt as helpless as a child. ¡°The Targaryen girl...¡±
   The king groaned. ¡°Seven hells, don¡¯t start with her again. That¡¯s done, I¡¯ll hear no more of it.¡±
   ¡°Why would you want me as your Hand, if you refuse to listen to my counsel?¡±
   ¡°Why?¡± Robert laughed. ¡°Why not? Someone has to rule this damnable kingdom. Put on the badge, Ned. It suits you. And if you ever throw it in my face again, I swear to you, I¡¯ll pin the damned thing on Jaime Lannister.¡±
   
   CATELYN
   The eastern sky was rose and gold as the sun broke over the Vale of Arryn. Catelyn Stark watched the light spread, her hands resting on the delicate carved stone of the balustrade outside her window. Below her the world turned from black to indigo to green as dawn crept across fields and forests. Pale white mists rose off Alyssa¡¯s Tears, where the ghost waters plunged over the shoulder of the mountain to begin their long tumble down the face of the Giant¡¯s Lance. Catelyn could feel the faint touch of spray on her face.
   Alyssa Arryn had seen her husband, her brothers, and all her children slain, and yet in life she had never shed a tear. So in death, the gods had decreed that she would know no rest until her weeping watered the black earth of the Vale, where the men she had loved were buried. Alyssa had been dead six thousand years now, and still no drop of the torrent had ever reached the valley floor far below. Catelyn wondered how large a waterfall her own tears would make when she died. ¡°Tell me the rest of it,¡± she said.
   ¡°The Kingslayer is massing a host at Casterly Rock,¡± Ser Rodrik Cassel answered from the room behind her. ¡°Your brother writes that he has sent riders to the Rock, demanding that Lord Tywin proclaim his intent, but he has had no answer. Edmure has commanded Lord Vance and Lord Piper to guard the pass below the Golden Tooth. He vows to you that he will yield no foot of Tully land without first watering it with Lannister blood.¡±
   Catelyn turned away from the sunrise. Its beauty did little to lighten her mood; it seemed cruel for a day to dawn so fair and end so foul as this one promised to. ¡°Edmure has sent riders and made vows,¡± she said, ¡°but Edmure is not the Lord of Riverrun. What of my lord father?¡±
   ¡°The message made no mention of Lord Hoster, my lady.¡± Ser Rodrik tugged at his whiskers. They had grown in white as snow and bristly as a thornbush while he was recovering from his wounds; he looked almost himself again.
   ¡°My father would not have given the defense of Riverrun over to Edmure unless he was very sick,¡± she said, worried. ¡°I should have been woken as soon as this bird arrived.¡±
   ¡°Your lady sister thought it better to let you sleep, Maester Colemon told me.¡±
   ¡°I should have been woken,¡± she insisted.
   ¡°The maester tells me your sister planned to speak with you after the combat,¡± Ser Rodrik said.
   ¡°Then she still plans to go through with this mummer¡¯s farce?¡± Catelyn grimaced. ¡°The dwarf has played her like a set of pipes, and she is too deaf to hear the tune. Whatever happens this morning, Ser Rodrik, it is past time we took our leave. My place is at Winterfell with my sons. If you are strong enough to travel, I shall ask Lysa for an escort to see us to Gulltown. We can take ship from there.¡±
