   Tyrion shrugged. ¡°Riding hard and fast by night is a sure way to tumble down a mountain and crack your skull. I prefer to make my crossing slow and easy. I know you love the taste of horse, Bronn, but if our mounts die under us this time, we¡¯ll be trying to saddle shadowcats?.?.?.?and if truth be told, I think the clans will find us no matter what we do. Their eyes are all around us.¡± He swept a gloved hand over the high, wind-carved crags that surrounded them.
   Bronn grimaced. ¡°Then we¡¯re dead men, Lannister.¡±
   ¡°If so, I prefer to die comfortable,¡± Tyrion replied. ¡°We need a fire. The nights are cold up here, and hot food will warm our bellies and lift our spirits. Do you suppose there¡¯s any game to be had? Lady Lysa has kindly provided us with a veritable feast of salt beef, hard cheese, and stale bread, but I would hate to break a tooth so far from the nearest maester.¡±
   ¡°I can find meat.¡± Beneath a fall of black hair, Bronn¡¯s dark eyes regarded Tyrion suspiciously. ¡°I should leave you here with your fool¡¯s fire. If I took your horse, I¡¯d have twice the chance to make it through. What would you do then, dwarf?¡±
   ¡°Die, most like.¡± Tyrion stooped to get another stick.
   ¡°You don¡¯t think I¡¯d do it?¡±
   ¡°You¡¯d do it in an instant, if it meant your life. You were quick enough to silence your friend Chiggen when he caught that arrow in his belly.¡± Bronn had yanked back the man¡¯s head by the hair and driven the point of his dirk in under the ear, and afterward told Catelyn Stark that the other sellsword had died of his wound.
   ¡°He was good as dead,¡± Bronn said, ¡°and his moaning was bringing them down on us. Chiggen would have done the same for me?.?.?.?and he was no friend, only a man I rode with. Make no mistake, dwarf. I fought for you, but I do not love you.¡±
   ¡°It was your blade I needed,¡± Tyrion said, ¡°not your love.¡± He dumped his armful of wood on the ground.
   Bronn grinned. ¡°You¡¯re bold as any sellsword, I¡¯ll give you that. How did you know I¡¯d take your part?¡±
   ¡°Know?¡± Tyrion squatted awkwardly on his stunted legs to build the fire. ¡°I tossed the dice. Back at the inn, you and Chiggen helped take me captive. Why? The others saw it as their duty, for the honor of the lords they served, but not you two. You had no lord, no duty, and precious little honor, so why trouble to involve yourselves?¡± He took out his knife and whittled some thin strips of bark off one of the sticks he¡¯d gathered, to serve as kindling. ¡°Well, why do sellswords do anything? For gold. You were thinking Lady Catelyn would reward you for your help, perhaps even take you into her service. Here, that should do, I hope. Do you have a flint?¡±
   Bronn slid two fingers into the pouch at his belt and tossed down a flint. Tyrion caught it in the air.
   ¡°My thanks,¡± he said. ¡°The thing is, you did not know the Starks. Lord Eddard is a proud, honorable, and honest man, and his lady wife is worse. Oh, no doubt she would have found a coin or two for you when this was all over, and pressed it in your hand with a polite word and a look of distaste, but that¡¯s the most you could have hoped for. The Starks look for courage and loyalty and honor in the men they choose to serve them, and if truth be told, you and Chiggen were lowborn scum.¡± Tyrion struck the flint against his dagger, trying for a spark. Nothing.
   Bronn snorted. ¡°You have a bold tongue, little man. One day someone is like to cut it out and make you eat it.¡±
   ¡°Everyone tells me that.¡± Tyrion glanced up at the sellsword. ¡°Did I offend you? My pardons?.?.?.?but you are scum, Bronn, make no mistake. Duty, honor, friendship, what¡¯s that to you? No, don¡¯t trouble yourself, we both know the answer. Still, you¡¯re not stupid. Once we reached the Vale, Lady Stark had no more need of you?.?.?.?but I did, and the one thing the Lannisters have never lacked for is gold. When the moment came to toss the dice, I was counting on your being smart enough to know where your best interest lay. Happily for me, you did.¡± He slammed stone and steel together again, fruitlessly.
   ¡°Here,¡± said Bronn, squatting, ¡°I¡¯ll do it.¡± He took the knife and flint from Tyrion¡¯s hands and struck sparks on his first try. A curl of bark began to smolder.
   ¡°Well done,¡± Tyrion said. ¡°Scum you may be, but you¡¯re undeniably useful, and with a sword in your hand you¡¯re almost as good as my brother Jaime. What do you want, Bronn? Gold? Land? Women? Keep me alive, and you¡¯ll have it.¡±
   Bronn blew gently on the fire, and the flames leapt up higher. ¡°And if you die?¡±
   ¡°Why then, I¡¯ll have one mourner whose grief is sincere,¡± Tyrion said, grinning. ¡°The gold ends when I do.¡±
