   ¡°Sweet one,¡± her father said gently, ¡°listen to me. When you¡¯re old enough, I will make you a match with a high lord who¡¯s worthy of you, someone brave and gentle and strong. This match with Joffrey was a terrible mistake. That boy is no Prince Aemon, you must believe me.¡±
   ¡°He is!¡± Sansa insisted. ¡°I don¡¯t want someone brave and gentle, I want him. We¡¯ll be ever so happy, just like in the songs, you¡¯ll see. I¡¯ll give him a son with golden hair, and one day he¡¯ll be the king of all the realm, the greatest king that ever was, as brave as the wolf and as proud as the lion.¡±
   Arya made a face. ¡°Not if Joffrey¡¯s his father,¡± she said. ¡°He¡¯s a liar and a craven and anyhow he¡¯s a stag, not a lion.¡±
   Sansa felt tears in her eyes. ¡°He is not! He¡¯s not the least bit like that old drunken king,¡± she screamed at her sister, forgetting herself in her grief.
   Father looked at her strangely. ¡°Gods,¡± he swore softly, ¡°out of the mouth of babes?.?.?.?¡± He shouted for Septa Mordane. To the girls he said, ¡°I am looking for a fast trading galley to take you home. These days, the sea is safer than the kingsroad. You will sail as soon as I can find a proper ship, with Septa Mordane and a complement of guards?.?.?.?and yes, with Syrio Forel, if he agrees to enter my service. But say nothing of this. It¡¯s better if no one knows of our plans. We¡¯ll talk again tomorrow.¡±
   Sansa cried as Septa Mordane marched them down the steps. They were going to take it all away; the tournaments and the court and her prince, everything, they were going to send her back to the bleak grey walls of Winterfell and lock her up forever. Her life was over before it had begun.
   ¡°Stop that weeping, child,¡± Septa Mordane said sternly. ¡°I am certain your lord father knows what is best for you.¡±
   ¡°It won¡¯t be so bad, Sansa,¡± Arya said. ¡°We¡¯re going to sail on a galley. It will be an adventure, and then we¡¯ll be with Bran and Robb again, and Old Nan and Hodor and the rest.¡± She touched her on the arm.
   ¡°Hodor!¡± Sansa yelled. ¡°You ought to marry Hodor, you¡¯re just like him, stupid and hairy and ugly!¡± She wrenched away from her sister¡¯s hand, stormed into her bedchamber, and barred the door behind her.
   
   EDDARD
   Pain is a gift from the gods, Lord Eddard,¡± Grand Maester Pycelle told him. ¡°It means the bone is knitting, the flesh healing itself. Be thankful.¡±
   ¡°I will be thankful when my leg stops throbbing.¡±
   Pycelle set a stoppered flask on the table by the bed. ¡°The milk of the poppy, for when the pain grows too onerous.¡±
   ¡°I sleep too much already.¡±
   ¡°Sleep is the great healer.¡±
   ¡°I had hoped that was you.¡±
   Pycelle smiled wanly. ¡°It is good to see you in such a fierce humor, my lord.¡± He leaned close and lowered his voice. ¡°There was a raven this morning, a letter for the queen from her lord father. I thought you had best know.¡±
   ¡°Dark wings, dark words,¡± Ned said grimly. ¡°What of it?¡±
   ¡°Lord Tywin is greatly wroth about the men you sent after Ser Gregor Clegane,¡± the maester confided. ¡°I feared he would be. You will recall, I said as much in council.¡±
   ¡°Let him be wroth,¡± Ned said. Every time his leg throbbed, he remembered Jaime Lannister¡¯s smile, and Jory dead in his arms. ¡°Let him write all the letters to the queen he likes. Lord Beric rides beneath the king¡¯s own banner. If Lord Tywin attempts to interfere with the king¡¯s justice, he will have Robert to answer to. The only thing His Grace enjoys more than hunting is making war on lords who defy him.¡±
   Pycelle pulled back, his maester¡¯s chain jangling. ¡°As you say. I shall visit again on the morrow.¡± The old man hurriedly gathered up his things and took his leave. Ned had little doubt that he was bound straight for the royal apartments, to whisper at the queen. I thought you had best know, indeed?.?.?.?as if Cersei had not instructed him to pass along her father¡¯s threats. He hoped his response rattled those perfect teeth of hers. Ned was not near as confident of Robert as he pretended, but there was no reason Cersei need know that.
   When Pycelle was gone, Ned called for a cup of honeyed wine. That clouded the mind as well, yet not as badly. He needed to be able to think. A thousand times, he asked himself what Jon Arryn might have done, had he lived long enough to act on what he¡¯d learned. Or perhaps he had acted, and died for it.
