   ¡°Oh, a shred, surely,¡± Littlefinger replied negligently. ¡°Hear me out. Stannis is no friend of yours, nor of mine. Even his brothers can scarcely stomach him. The man is iron, hard and unyielding. He¡¯ll give us a new Hand and a new council, for a certainty. No doubt he¡¯ll thank you for handing him the crown, but he won¡¯t love you for it. And his ascent will mean war. Stannis cannot rest easy on the throne until Cersei and her bastards are dead. Do you think Lord Tywin will sit idly while his daughter¡¯s head is measured for a spike? Casterly Rock will rise, and not alone. Robert found it in him to pardon men who served King Aerys, so long as they did him fealty. Stannis is less forgiving. He will not have forgotten the siege of Storm¡¯s End, and the Lords Tyrell and Redwyne dare not. Every man who fought beneath the dragon banner or rose with Balon Greyjoy will have good cause to fear. Seat Stannis on the Iron Throne and I promise you, the realm will bleed.
   ¡°Now look at the other side of the coin. Joffrey is but twelve, and Robert gave you the regency, my lord. You are the Hand of the King and Protector of the Realm. The power is yours, Lord Stark. All you need do is reach out and take it. Make your peace with the Lannisters. Release the Imp. Wed Joffrey to your Sansa. Wed your younger girl to Prince Tommen, and your heir to Myrcella. It will be four years before Joffrey comes of age. By then he will look to you as a second father, and if not, well?.?.?.?four years is a good long while, my lord. Long enough to dispose of Lord Stannis. Then, should Joffrey prove troublesome, we can reveal his little secret and put Lord Renly on the throne.¡±
   ¡°We?¡± Ned repeated.
   Littlefinger gave a shrug. ¡°You¡¯ll need someone to share your burdens. I assure you, my price would be modest.¡±
   ¡°Your price.¡± Ned¡¯s voice was ice. ¡°Lord Baelish, what you suggest is treason.¡±
   ¡°Only if we lose.¡±
   ¡°You forget,¡± Ned told him. ¡°You forget Jon Arryn. You forget Jory Cassel. And you forget this.¡± He drew the dagger and laid it on the table between them; a length of dragonbone and Valyrian steel, as sharp as the difference between right and wrong, between true and false, between life and death. ¡°They sent a man to cut my son¡¯s throat, Lord Baelish.¡±
   Littlefinger sighed. ¡°I fear I did forget, my lord. Pray forgive me. For a moment I did not remember that I was talking to a Stark.¡± His mouth quirked. ¡°So it will be Stannis, and war?¡±
   ¡°It is not a choice. Stannis is the heir.¡±
   ¡°Far be it from me to dispute the Lord Protector. What would you have of me, then? Not my wisdom, for a certainty.¡±
   ¡°I shall do my best to forget your?.?.?.?wisdom,¡± Ned said with distaste. ¡°I called you here to ask for the help you promised Catelyn. This is a perilous hour for all of us. Robert has named me Protector, true enough, but in the eyes of the world, Joffrey is still his son and heir. The queen has a dozen knights and a hundred men-at-arms who will do whatever she commands ?.?.?.?enough to overwhelm what remains of my own household guard. And for all I know, her brother Jaime may be riding for King¡¯s Landing even as we speak, with a Lannister host at his back.¡±
   ¡°And you without an army.¡± Littlefinger toyed with the dagger on the table, turning it slowly with a finger. ¡°There is small love lost between Lord Renly and the Lannisters. Bronze Yohn Royce, Ser Balon Swann, Ser Loras, Lady Tanda, the Redwyne twins?.?.?.?each of them has a retinue of knights and sworn swords here at court.¡±
   ¡°Renly has thirty men in his personal guard, the rest even fewer. It is not enough, even if I could be certain that all of them will choose to give me their allegiance. I must have the gold cloaks. The City Watch is two thousand strong, sworn to defend the castle, the city, and the king¡¯s peace.¡±
   ¡°Ah, but when the queen proclaims one king and the Hand another, whose peace do they protect?¡± Lord Petyr flicked at the dagger with his finger, setting it spinning in place. Round and round it went, wobbling as it turned. When at last it slowed to a stop, the blade pointed at Littlefinger. ¡°Why, there¡¯s your answer,¡± he said, smiling. ¡°They follow the man who pays them.¡± He leaned back and looked Ned full in the face, his grey-green eyes bright with mockery. ¡°You wear your honor like a suit of armor, Stark. You think it keeps you safe, but all it does is weigh you down and make it hard for you to move. Look at you now. You know why you summoned me here. You know what you want to ask me to do. You know it has to be done?.?.?.?but it¡¯s not honorable, so the words stick in your throat.¡±
   Ned¡¯s neck was rigid with tension. For a moment he was so angry that he did not trust himself to speak.
