   The long windowless hall beyond the door was as black as she remembered. She held Needle in her left hand, her sword hand, the candle in her right fist. Hot wax ran down across her knuckles. The entrance to the well had been to the left, so Arya went right. Part of her wanted to run, but she was afraid of snuffing out her candle. She heard the faint squeaking of rats and glimpsed a pair of tiny glowing eyes on the edge of the light, but rats did not scare her. Other things did. It would be so easy to hide here, as she had hidden from the wizard and the man with the forked beard. She could almost see the stableboy standing against the wall, his hands curled into claws with the blood still dripping from the deep gashes in his palms where Needle had cut him. He might be waiting to grab her as she passed. He would see her candle coming a long way off. Maybe she would be better off without the light?.?.?.?
   Fear cuts deeper than swords, the quiet voice inside her whispered. Suddenly Arya remembered the crypts at Winterfell. They were a lot scarier than this place, she told herself. She¡¯d been just a little girl the first time she saw them. Her brother Robb had taken them down, her and Sansa and baby Bran, who¡¯d been no bigger than Rickon was now. They¡¯d only had one candle between them, and Bran¡¯s eyes had gotten as big as saucers as he stared at the stone faces of the Kings of Winter, with their wolves at their feet and their iron swords across their laps.
   Robb took them all the way down to the end, past Grandfather and Brandon and Lyanna, to show them their own tombs. Sansa kept looking at the stubby little candle, anxious that it might go out. Old Nan had told her there were spiders down here, and rats as big as dogs. Robb smiled when she said that. ¡°There are worse things than spiders and rats,¡± he whispered. ¡°This is where the dead walk.¡± That was when they heard the sound, low and deep and shivery. Baby Bran had clutched at Arya¡¯s hand.
   When the spirit stepped out of the open tomb, pale white and moaning for blood, Sansa ran shrieking for the stairs, and Bran wrapped himself around Robb¡¯s leg, sobbing. Arya stood her ground and gave the spirit a punch. It was only Jon, covered with flour. ¡°You stupid,¡± she told him, ¡°you scared the baby,¡± but Jon and Robb just laughed and laughed, and pretty soon Bran and Arya were laughing too.
   The memory made Arya smile, and after that the darkness held no more terrors for her. The stableboy was dead, she¡¯d killed him, and if he jumped out at her she¡¯d kill him again. She was going home. Everything would be better once she was home again, safe behind Winterfell¡¯s grey granite walls.
   Her footsteps sent soft echoes hurrying ahead of her as Arya plunged deeper into the darkness.
   
   SANSA
   They came for Sansa on the third day.
   She chose a simple dress of dark grey wool, plainly cut but richly embroidered around the collar and sleeves. Her fingers felt thick and clumsy as she struggled with the silver fastenings without the benefit of servants. Jeyne Poole had been confined with her, but Jeyne was useless. Her face was puffy from all her crying, and she could not seem to stop sobbing about her father.
   ¡°I¡¯m certain your father is well,¡± Sansa told her when she had finally gotten the dress buttoned right. ¡°I¡¯ll ask the queen to let you see him.¡± She thought that kindness might lift Jeyne¡¯s spirits, but the other girl just looked at her with red, swollen eyes and began to cry all the harder. She was such a child.
   Sansa had wept too, the first day. Even within the stout walls of Maegor¡¯s Holdfast, with her door closed and barred, it was hard not to be terrified when the killing began. She had grown up to the sound of steel in the yard, and scarcely a day of her life had passed without hearing the clash of sword on sword, yet somehow knowing that the fighting was real made all the difference in the world. She heard it as she had never heard it before, and there were other sounds as well, grunts of pain, angry curses, shouts for help, and the moans of wounded and dying men. In the songs, the knights never screamed nor begged for mercy.
   So she wept, pleading through her door for them to tell her what was happening, calling for her father, for Septa Mordane, for the king, for her gallant prince. If the men guarding her heard her pleas, they gave no answer. The only time the door opened was late that night, when they thrust Jeyne Poole inside, bruised and shaking. ¡°They¡¯re killing everyone,¡± the steward¡¯s daughter had shrieked at her. She went on and on. The Hound had broken down her door with a warhammer, she said. There were bodies on the stair of the Tower of the Hand, and the steps were slick with blood. Sansa dried her own tears as she struggled to comfort her friend. They went to sleep in the same bed, cradled in each other¡¯s arms like sisters.
