   The queen wore a high-collared black silk gown, with a hundred dark red rubies sewn into her bodice, covering her from neck to bosom. They were cut in the shape of teardrops, as if the queen were weeping blood. Cersei smiled to see her, and Sansa thought it was the sweetest and saddest smile she had ever seen. ¡°Sansa, my sweet child,¡± she said, ¡°I know you¡¯ve been asking for me. I¡¯m sorry that I could not send for you sooner. Matters have been very unsettled, and I have not had a moment. I trust my people have been taking good care of you?¡±
   ¡°Everyone has been very sweet and pleasant, Your Grace, thank you ever so much for asking,¡± Sansa said politely. ¡°Only, well, no one will talk to us or tell us what¡¯s happened?.?.?.?¡±
   ¡°Us?¡± Cersei seemed puzzled.
   ¡°We put the steward¡¯s girl in with her,¡± Ser Boros said. ¡°We did not know what else to do with her.¡±
   The queen frowned. ¡°Next time, you will ask,¡± she said, her voice sharp. ¡°The gods only know what sort of tales she¡¯s been filling Sansa¡¯s head with.¡±
   ¡°Jeyne¡¯s scared,¡± Sansa said. ¡°She won¡¯t stop crying. I promised her I¡¯d ask if she could see her father.¡±
   Old Grand Maester Pycelle lowered his eyes.
   ¡°Her father is well, isn¡¯t he?¡± Sansa said anxiously. She knew there had been fighting, but surely no one would harm a steward. Vayon Poole did not even wear a sword.
   Queen Cersei looked at each of the councillors in turn. ¡°I won¡¯t have Sansa fretting needlessly. What shall we do with this little friend of hers, my lords?¡±
   Lord Petyr leaned forward. ¡°I¡¯ll find a place for her.¡±
   ¡°Not in the city,¡± said the queen.
   ¡°Do you take me for a fool?¡±
   The queen ignored that. ¡°Ser Boros, escort this girl to Lord Petyr¡¯s apartments and instruct his people to keep her there until he comes for her. Tell her that Littlefinger will be taking her to see her father, that ought to calm her down. I want her gone before Sansa returns to her chamber.¡±
   ¡°As you command, Your Grace,¡± Ser Boros said. He bowed deeply, spun on his heel, and took his leave, his long white cloak stirring the air behind him.
   Sansa was confused. ¡°I don¡¯t understand,¡± she said. ¡°Where is Jeyne¡¯s father? Why can¡¯t Ser Boros take her to him instead of Lord Petyr having to do it?¡± She had promised herself she would be a lady, gentle as the queen and as strong as her mother, the Lady Catelyn, but all of a sudden she was scared again. For a second she thought she might cry. ¡°Where are you sending her? She hasn¡¯t done anything wrong, she¡¯s a good girl.¡±
   ¡°She¡¯s upset you,¡± the queen said gently. ¡°We can¡¯t be having that. Not another word, now. Lord Baelish will see that Jeyne¡¯s well taken care of, I promise you.¡± She patted the chair beside her. ¡°Sit down, Sansa. I want to talk to you.¡±
   Sansa seated herself beside the queen. Cersei smiled again, but that did not make her feel any less anxious. Varys was wringing his soft hands together, Grand Maester Pycelle kept his sleepy eyes on the papers in front of him, but she could feel Littlefinger staring. Something about the way the small man looked at her made Sansa feel as though she had no clothes on. Goose bumps pimpled her skin.
   ¡°Sweet Sansa,¡± Queen Cersei said, laying a soft hand on her wrist. ¡°Such a beautiful child. I do hope you know how much Joffrey and I love you.¡±
   ¡°You do?¡± Sansa said, breathless. Littlefinger was forgotten. Her prince loved her. Nothing else mattered.
   The queen smiled. ¡°I think of you almost as my own daughter. And I know the love you bear for Joffrey.¡± She gave a weary shake of her head. ¡°I am afraid we have some grave news about your lord father. You must be brave, child.¡±
   Her quiet words gave Sansa a chill. ¡°What is it?¡±
   ¡°Your father is a traitor, dear,¡± Lord Varys said.
   Grand Maester Pycelle lifted his ancient head. ¡°With my own ears, I heard Lord Eddard swear to our beloved King Robert that he would protect the young princes as if they were his own sons. And yet the moment the king was dead, he called the small council together to steal Prince Joffrey¡¯s rightful throne.¡±
   ¡°No,¡± Sansa blurted. ¡°He wouldn¡¯t do that. He wouldn¡¯t!¡±
   The queen picked up a letter. The paper was torn and stiff with dried blood, but the broken seal was her father¡¯s, the direwolf stamped in pale wax. ¡°We found this on the captain of your household guard, Sansa. It is a letter to my late husband¡¯s brother Stannis, inviting him to take the crown.¡±
   ¡°Please, Your Grace, there¡¯s been a mistake.¡± Sudden panic made her dizzy and faint. ¡°Please, send for my father, he¡¯ll tell you, he would never write such a letter, the king was his friend.¡±
