   ¡°Please make it so Robb won¡¯t go away,¡± he prayed softly. He moved his hand through the cold water, sending ripples across the pool. ¡°Please make him stay. Or if he has to go, bring him home safe, with Mother and Father and the girls. And make it?.?.?.?make it so Rickon understands.¡±
   His baby brother had been wild as a winter storm since he learned Robb was riding off to war, weeping and angry by turns. He¡¯d refused to eat, cried and screamed for most of a night, even punched Old Nan when she tried to sing him to sleep, and the next day he¡¯d vanished. Robb had set half the castle searching for him, and when at last they¡¯d found him down in the crypts, Rickon had slashed at them with a rusted iron sword he¡¯d snatched from a dead king¡¯s hand, and Shaggydog had come slavering out of the darkness like a green-eyed demon. The wolf was near as wild as Rickon; he¡¯d bitten Gage on the arm and torn a chunk of flesh from Mikken¡¯s thigh. It had taken Robb himself and Grey Wind to bring him to bay. Farlen had the black wolf chained up in the kennels now, and Rickon cried all the more for being without him.
   Maester Luwin counseled Robb to remain at Winterfell, and Bran pleaded with him too, for his own sake as much as Rickon¡¯s, but his brother only shook his head stubbornly and said, ¡°I don¡¯t want to go. I have to.¡±
   It was only half a lie. Someone had to go, to hold the Neck and help the Tullys against the Lannisters, Bran could understand that, but it did not have to be Robb. His brother might have given the command to Hal Mollen or Theon Greyjoy, or to one of his lords bannermen. Maester Luwin urged him to do just that, but Robb would not hear of it. ¡°My lord father would never have sent men off to die while he huddled like a craven behind the walls of Winterfell,¡± he said, all Robb the Lord.
   Robb seemed half a stranger to Bran now, transformed, a lord in truth, though he had not yet seen his sixteenth name day. Even their father¡¯s bannermen seemed to sense it. Many tried to test him, each in his own way. Roose Bolton and Robett Glover both demanded the honor of battle command, the first brusquely, the second with a smile and a jest. Stout, grey-haired Maege Mormont, dressed in mail like a man, told Robb bluntly that he was young enough to be her grandson, and had no business giving her commands ?.?.?.?but as it happened, she had a granddaughter she would be willing to have him marry. Soft-spoken Lord Cerwyn had actually brought his daughter with him, a plump, homely maid of thirty years who sat at her father¡¯s left hand and never lifted her eyes from her plate. Jovial Lord Hornwood had no daughters, but he did bring gifts, a horse one day, a haunch of venison the next, a silver-chased hunting horn the day after, and he asked nothing in return?.?.?.?nothing but a certain holdfast taken from his grandfather, and hunting rights north of a certain ridge, and leave to dam the White Knife, if it please the lord.
   Robb answered each of them with cool courtesy, much as Father might have, and somehow he bent them to his will.
   And when Lord Umber, who was called the Greatjon by his men and stood as tall as Hodor and twice as wide, threatened to take his forces home if he was placed behind the Hornwoods or the Cerwyns in the order of march, Robb told him he was welcome to do so. ¡°And when we are done with the Lannisters,¡± he promised, scratching Grey Wind behind the ear, ¡°we will march back north, root you out of your keep, and hang you for an oathbreaker.¡± Cursing, the Greatjon flung a flagon of ale into the fire and bellowed that Robb was so green he must piss grass. When Hallis Mollen moved to restrain him, he knocked him to the floor, kicked over a table, and unsheathed the biggest, ugliest greatsword that Bran had ever seen. All along the benches, his sons and brothers and sworn swords leapt to their feet, grabbing for their steel.
   Yet Robb only said a quiet word, and in a snarl and the blink of an eye Lord Umber was on his back, his sword spinning on the floor three feet away and his hand dripping blood where Grey Wind had bitten off two fingers. ¡°My lord father taught me that it was death to bare steel against your liege lord,¡± Robb said, ¡°but doubtless you only meant to cut my meat.¡± Bran¡¯s bowels went to water as the Greatjon struggled to rise, sucking at the red stumps of fingers?.?.?.?but then, astonishingly, the huge man laughed. ¡°Your meat,¡± he roared, ¡°is bloody tough.¡±
   And somehow after that the Greatjon became Robb¡¯s right hand, his staunchest champion, loudly telling all and sundry that the boy lord was a Stark after all, and they¡¯d damn well better bend their knees if they didn¡¯t fancy having them chewed off.
