   ¡°Tell me. Robb will listen to me, I know he will.¡±
   ¡°Will he now? We¡¯ll see. You tell him this, m¡¯lord. You tell him he¡¯s bound on marching the wrong way. It¡¯s north he should be taking his swords. North, not south. You hear me?¡±
   Bran nodded. ¡°I¡¯ll tell him.¡±
   But that night, when they feasted in the Great Hall, Robb was not with them. He took his meal in the solar instead, with Lord Rickard and the Greatjon and the other lords bannermen, to make the final plans for the long march to come. It was left to Bran to fill his place at the head of the table, and act the host to Lord Karstark¡¯s sons and honored friends. They were already at their places when Hodor carried Bran into the hall on his back, and knelt beside the high seat. Two of the serving men helped lift him from his basket. Bran could feel the eyes of every stranger in the hall. It had grown quiet. ¡°My lords,¡± Hallis Mollen announced, ¡°Brandon Stark, of Winterfell.¡±
   ¡°I welcome you to our fires,¡± Bran said stiffly, ¡°and offer you meat and mead in honor of our friendship.¡±
   Harrion Karstark, the oldest of Lord Rickard¡¯s sons, bowed, and his brothers after him, yet as they settled back in their places he heard the younger two talking in low voices, over the clatter of wine cups. ¡°?.?.?.?sooner die than live like that,¡± muttered one, his father¡¯s namesake Eddard, and his brother Torrhen said likely the boy was broken inside as well as out, too craven to take his own life.
   Broken, Bran thought bitterly as he clutched his knife. Is that what he was now? Bran the Broken? ¡°I don¡¯t want to be broken,¡± he whispered fiercely to Maester Luwin, who¡¯d been seated to his right. ¡°I want to be a knight.¡±
   ¡°There are some who call my order the knights of the mind,¡± Luwin replied. ¡°You are a surpassing clever boy when you work at it, Bran. Have you ever thought that you might wear a maester¡¯s chain? There is no limit to what you might learn.¡±
   ¡°I want to learn magic,¡± Bran told him. ¡°The crow promised that I would fly.¡±
   Maester Luwin sighed. ¡°I can teach you history, healing, herblore. I can teach you the speech of ravens, and how to build a castle, and the way a sailor steers his ship by the stars. I can teach you to measure the days and mark the seasons, and at the Citadel in Oldtown they can teach you a thousand things more. But, Bran, no man can teach you magic.¡±
   ¡°The children could,¡± Bran said. ¡°The children of the forest.¡± That reminded him of the promise he had made to Osha in the godswood, so he told Luwin what she had said.
   The maester listened politely. ¡°The wildling woman could give Old Nan lessons in telling tales, I think,¡± he said when Bran was done. ¡°I will talk with her again if you like, but it would be best if you did not trouble your brother with this folly. He has more than enough to concern him without fretting over giants and dead men in the woods. It¡¯s the Lannisters who hold your lord father, Bran, not the children of the forest.¡± He put a gentle hand on Bran¡¯s arm. ¡°Think on what I said, child.¡±
   And two days later, as a red dawn broke across a windswept sky, Bran found himself in the yard beneath the gatehouse, strapped atop Dancer as he said his farewells to his brother.
   ¡°You are the lord in Winterfell now,¡± Robb told him. He was mounted on a shaggy grey stallion, his shield hung from the horse¡¯s side; wood banded with iron, white and grey, and on it the snarling face of a direwolf. His brother wore grey chainmail over bleached leathers, sword and dagger at his waist, a fur-trimmed cloak across his shoulders. ¡°You must take my place, as I took Father¡¯s, until we come home.¡±
   ¡°I know,¡± Bran replied miserably. He had never felt so little or alone or scared. He did not know how to be a lord.
   ¡°Listen to Maester Luwin¡¯s counsel, and take care of Rickon. Tell him that I¡¯ll be back as soon as the fighting is done.¡±
   Rickon had refused to come down. He was up in his chamber, redeyed and defiant. ¡°No!¡± he¡¯d screamed when Bran had asked if he didn¡¯t want to say farewell to Robb. ¡°NO farewell!¡±
   ¡°I told him,¡± Bran said. ¡°He says no one ever comes back.¡±
   ¡°He can¡¯t be a baby forever. He¡¯s a Stark, and near four.¡± Robb sighed. ¡°Well, Mother will be home soon. And I¡¯ll bring back Father, I promise.¡±
   He wheeled his courser around and trotted away. Grey Wind followed, loping beside the warhorse, lean and swift. Hallis Mollen went before them through the gate, carrying the rippling white banner of House Stark atop a high standard of grey ash. Theon Greyjoy and the Greatjon fell in on either side of Robb, and their knights formed up in a double column behind them, steel-tipped lances glinting in the sun.
