   ¡°Father must have known that, because he sent out some men to oppose them, under the king¡¯s own banner. He gave the command to some southron lordling, Lord Erik or Derik or something like that, but Ser Raymun Darry rode with him, and the letter said there were other knights as well, and a force of Father¡¯s own guardsmen. Only it was a trap. Lord Derik had no sooner crossed the Red Fork than the Lannisters fell upon him, the king¡¯s banner be damned, and Gregor Clegane took them in the rear as they tried to pull back across the Mummer¡¯s Ford. This Lord Derik and a few others may have escaped, no one is certain, but Ser Raymun was killed, and most of our men from Winterfell. Lord Tywin has closed off the kingsroad, it¡¯s said, and now he¡¯s marching north toward Harrenhal, burning as he goes.¡±
   Grim and grimmer, thought Catelyn. It was worse than she¡¯d imagined. ¡°You mean to meet him here?¡± she asked.
   ¡°If he comes so far, but no one thinks he will,¡± Robb said. ¡°I¡¯ve sent word to Howland Reed, Father¡¯s old friend at Greywater Watch. If the Lannisters come up the Neck, the crannogmen will bleed them every step of the way, but Galbart Glover says Lord Tywin is too smart for that, and Roose Bolton agrees. He¡¯ll stay close to the Trident, they believe, taking the castles of the river lords one by one, until Riverrun stands alone. We need to march south to meet him.¡±
   The very idea of it chilled Catelyn to the bone. What chance would a fifteen-year-old boy have against seasoned battle commanders like Jaime and Tywin Lannister? ¡°Is that wise? You are strongly placed here. It¡¯s said that the old Kings in the North could stand at Moat Cailin and throw back hosts ten times the size of their own.¡±
   ¡°Yes, but our food and supplies are running low, and this is not land we can live off easily. We¡¯ve been waiting for Lord Manderly, but now that his sons have joined us, we need to march.¡±
   She was hearing the lords bannermen speaking with her son¡¯s voice, she realized. Over the years, she had hosted many of them at Winterfell, and been welcomed with Ned to their own hearths and tables. She knew what sorts of men they were, each one. She wondered if Robb did.
   And yet there was sense in what they said. This host her son had assembled was not a standing army such as the Free Cities were accustomed to maintain, nor a force of guardsmen paid in coin. Most of them were smallfolk: crofters, fieldhands, fishermen, sheepherders, the sons of innkeeps and traders and tanners, leavened with a smattering of sellswords and freeriders hungry for plunder. When their lords called, they came?.?.?.?but not forever. ¡°Marching is all very well,¡± she said to her son, ¡°but where, and to what purpose? What do you mean to do?¡±
   Robb hesitated. ¡°The Greatjon thinks we should take the battle to Lord Tywin and surprise him,¡± he said, ¡°but the Glovers and the Karstarks feel we¡¯d be wiser to go around his army and join up with Uncle Ser Edmure against the Kingslayer.¡± He ran his fingers through his shaggy mane of auburn hair, looking unhappy. ¡°Though by the time we reach Riverrun?.?.?.?I¡¯m not certain?.?.?.?¡±
   ¡°Be certain,¡± Catelyn told her son, ¡°or go home and take up that wooden sword again. You cannot afford to seem indecisive in front of men like Roose Bolton and Rickard Karstark. Make no mistake, Robb, these are your bannermen, not your friends. You named yourself battle commander. Command.¡±
   Her son looked at her, startled, as if he could not credit what he was hearing. ¡°As you say, Mother.¡±
   ¡°I¡¯ll ask you again. What do you mean to do?¡±
   Robb drew a map across the table, a ragged piece of old leather covered with lines of faded paint. One end curled up from being rolled; he weighed it down with his dagger. ¡°Both plans have virtues, but?.?.?.?look, if we try to swing around Lord Tywin¡¯s host, we take the risk of being caught between him and the Kingslayer, and if we attack him?.?.?.?by all reports, he has more men than I do, and a lot more armored horse. The Greatjon says that won¡¯t matter if we catch him with his breeches down, but it seems to me that a man who has fought as many battles as Tywin Lannister won¡¯t be so easily surprised.¡±
   ¡°Good,¡± she said. She could hear echoes of Ned in his voice, as he sat there, puzzling over the map. ¡°Tell me more.¡±
   ¡°I¡¯d leave a small force here to hold Moat Cailin, archers mostly, and march the rest down the causeway,¡± he said, ¡°but once we¡¯re below the Neck, I¡¯d split our host in two. The foot can continue down the kingsroad, while our horsemen cross the Green Fork at the Twins.¡± He pointed. ¡°When Lord Tywin gets word that we¡¯ve come south, he¡¯ll march north to engage our main host, leaving our riders free to hurry down the west bank to Riverrun.¡± Robb sat back, not quite daring to smile, but pleased with himself and hungry for her praise.
