   Brorm rode with him. Behind them, after a quick bit of grumbling, the five clansmen followed on their undersize garrons, scrawny things that looked like ponies and scrambled up rock walls like goats.
   The Stone Crows rode together, and Chella and Ulf stayed close as well, as the Moon Brothers and Black Ears had strong bonds between them. Timett son of Timett rode alone. Every clan in the Mountains of the Moon feared the Burned Men, who mortified their flesh with fire to prove their courage and (the others said) roasted babies at their feasts. And even the other Burned Men feared Timett, who had put out his own left eye with a white-hot knife when he reached the age of manhood. Tyrion gathered that it was more customary for a boy to burn off a nipple, a finger, or (if he was truly brave, or truly mad) an ear. Timett¡¯s fellow Burned Men were so awed by his choice of an eye that they promptly named him a red hand, which seemed to be some sort of a war chief.
   ¡°I wonder what their king burned off,¡± Tyrion said to Bronn when he heard the tale. Grinning, the sellsword had tugged at his crotch?.?.?.?but even Bronn kept a respectful tongue around Timett. If a man was mad enough to put out his own eye, he was unlikely to be gentle to his enemies.
   Distant watchers peered down from towers of unmortared stone as the party descended through the foothills, and once Tyrion saw a raven take wing. Where the high road twisted between two rocky outcrops, they came to the first strong point. A low earthen wall four feet high closed off the road, and a dozen crossbowmen manned the heights. Tyrion halted his followers out of range and rode to the wall alone. ¡°Who commands here?¡± he shouted up.
   The captain was quick to appear, and even quicker to give them an escort when he recognized his lord¡¯s son. They trotted past blackened fields and burned holdfasts, down to the riverlands and the Green Fork of the Trident. Tyrion saw no bodies, but the air was full of ravens and carrion crows; there had been fighting here, and recently.
   Half a league from the crossroads, a barricade of sharpened stakes had been erected, manned by pikemen and archers. Behind the line, the camp spread out to the far distance. Thin fingers of smoke rose from hundreds of cookfires, mailed men sat under trees and honed their blades, and familiar banners fluttered from staffs thrust into the muddy ground.
   A party of mounted horsemen rode forward to challenge them as they approached the stakes. The knight who led them wore silver armor inlaid with amethysts and a striped purple-and-silver cloak. His shield bore a unicorn sigil, and a spiral horn two feet long jutted up from the brow of his horsehead helm. Tyrion reined up to greet him. ¡°Ser Flement.¡±
   Ser Flement Brax lifted his visor. ¡°Tyrion,¡± he said in astonishment. ¡°My lord, we all feared you dead, or?.?.?.?¡± He looked at the clansmen uncertainly. ¡°These?.?.?.?companions of yours?.?.?.?¡±
   ¡°Bosom friends and loyal retainers,¡± Tyrion said. ¡°Where will I find my lord father?¡±
   ¡°He has taken the inn at the crossroads for his quarters.¡±
   Tyrion laughed. The inn at the crossroads! Perhaps the gods were just after all. ¡°I will see him at once.¡±
   ¡°As you say, my lord.¡± Ser Flement wheeled his horse about and shouted commands. Three rows of stakes were pulled from the ground to make a hole in the line. Tyrion led his party through.
   Lord Tywin¡¯s camp spread over leagues. Chella¡¯s estimate of twenty thousand men could not be far wrong. The common men camped out in the open, but the knights had thrown up tents, and some of the high lords had erected pavilions as large as houses. Tyrion spied the red ox of the Presters, Lord Crakehall¡¯s brindled boar, the burning tree of Marbrand, the badger of Lydden. Knights called out to him as he cantered past, and men-at-arms gaped at the clansmen in open astonishment.
   Shagga was gaping back; beyond a certainty, he had never seen so many men, horses, and weapons in all his days. The rest of the mountain brigands did a better job of guarding their faces, but Tyrion had no doubts that they were full as much in awe. Better and better. The more impressed they were with the power of the Lannisters, the easier they would be to command.
   The inn and its stables were much as he remembered, though little more than tumbled stones and blackened foundations remained where the rest of the village had stood. A gibbet had been erected in the yard, and the body that swung there was covered with ravens. At Tyrion¡¯s approach they took to the air, squawking and flapping their black wings. He dismounted and glanced up at what remained of the corpse. The birds had eaten her lips and eyes and most of her cheeks, baring her stained red teeth in a hideous smile. ¡°A room, a meal, and a flagon of wine, that was all I asked,¡± he reminded her with a sigh of reproach.
