   Yet when the jousting began, the day belonged to Rhaegar Targaryen. The crown prince wore the armor he would die in: gleaming black plate with the three-headed dragon of his House wrought in rubies on the breast. A plume of scarlet silk streamed behind him when he rode, and it seemed no lance could touch him. Brandon fell to him, and Bronze Yohn Royce, and even the splendid Ser Arthur Dayne, the Sword of the Morning.
   Robert had been jesting with Jon and old Lord Hunter as the prince circled the field after unhorsing Ser Barristan in the final tilt to claim the champion¡¯s crown. Ned remembered the moment when all the smiles died, when Prince Rhaegar Targaryen urged his horse past his own wife, the Dornish princess Elia Martell, to lay the queen of beauty¡¯s laurel in Lyanna¡¯s lap. He could see it still: a crown of winter roses, blue as frost.
   Ned Stark reached out his hand to grasp the flowery crown, but beneath the pale blue petals the thorns lay hidden. He felt them clawing at his skin, sharp and cruel, saw the slow trickle of blood run down his fingers, and woke, trembling, in the dark.
   Promise me, Ned, his sister had whispered from her bed of blood. She had loved the scent of winter roses.
   ¡°Gods save me,¡± Ned wept. ¡°I am going mad.¡±
   The gods did not deign to answer.
   Each time the turnkey brought him water, he told himself another day had passed. At first he would beg the man for some word of his daughters and the world beyond his cell. Grunts and kicks were his only replies. Later, when the stomach cramps began, he begged for food instead. It made no matter; he was not fed. Perhaps the Lannisters meant for him to starve to death. ¡°No,¡± he told himself. If Cersei had wanted him dead, he would have been cut down in the throne room with his men. She wanted him alive. Weak, desperate, yet alive. Catelyn held her brother; she dare not kill him or the Imp¡¯s life would be forfeit as well.
   From outside his cell came the rattle of iron chains. As the door creaked open, Ned put a hand to the damp wall and pushed himself toward the light. The glare of a torch made him squint. ¡°Food,¡± he croaked.
   ¡°Wine,¡± a voice answered. It was not the rat-faced man; this gaoler was stouter, shorter, though he wore the same leather half cape and spiked steel cap. ¡°Drink, Lord Eddard.¡± He thrust a wineskin into Ned¡¯s hands.
   The voice was strangely familiar, yet it took Ned Stark a moment to place it. ¡°Varys?¡± he said groggily when it came. He touched the man¡¯s face. ¡°I¡¯m not?.?.?.?not dreaming this. You¡¯re here.¡± The eunuch¡¯s plump cheeks were covered with a dark stubble of beard. Ned felt the coarse hair with his fingers. Varys had transformed himself into a grizzled turnkey, reeking of sweat and sour wine. ¡°How did you?.?.?.?what sort of magician are you?¡±
   ¡°A thirsty one,¡± Varys said. ¡°Drink, my lord.¡±
   Ned¡¯s hands fumbled at the skin. ¡°Is this the same poison they gave Robert?¡±
   ¡°You wrong me,¡± Varys said sadly. ¡°Truly, no one loves a eunuch. Give me the skin.¡± He drank, a trickle of red leaking from the corner of his plump mouth. ¡°Not the equal of the vintage you offered me the night of the tourney, but no more poisonous than most,¡± he concluded, wiping his lips. ¡°Here.¡±
   Ned tried a swallow. ¡°Dregs.¡± He felt as though he were about to bring the wine back up.
   ¡°All men must swallow the sour with the sweet. High lords and eunuchs alike. Your hour has come, my lord.¡±
   ¡°My daughters?.?.?.?¡±
   ¡°The younger girl escaped Ser Meryn and fled,¡± Varys told him. ¡°I have not been able to find her. Nor have the Lannisters. A kindness, there. Our new king loves her not. Your older girl is still betrothed to Joffrey. Cersei keeps her close. She came to court a few days ago to plead that you be spared. A pity you couldn¡¯t have been there, you would have been touched.¡± He leaned forward intently. ¡°I trust you realize that you are a dead man, Lord Eddard?¡±
   ¡°The queen will not kill me,¡± Ned said. His head swam; the wine was strong, and it had been too long since he¡¯d eaten. ¡°Cat?.?.?.?Cat holds her brother?.?.?.?¡±
   ¡°The wrong brother,¡± Varys sighed. ¡°And lost to her, in any case. She let the Imp slip through her fingers. I expect he is dead by now, somewhere in the Mountains of the Moon.¡±
   ¡°If that is true, slit my throat and have done with it.¡± He was dizzy from the wine, tired and heartsick.
   ¡°Your blood is the last thing I desire.¡±
   Ned frowned. ¡°When they slaughtered my guard, you stood beside the queen and watched, and said not a word.¡±
