   As the northern lords studied the castle, a sally port opened, a plank bridge slid across the moat, and a dozen knights rode forth to confront them, led by four of Lord Walder¡¯s many sons. Their banner bore twin towers, dark blue on a field of pale silver-grey. Ser Stevron Frey, Lord Walder¡¯s heir, spoke for them. The Freys all looked like weasels; Ser Stevron, past sixty with grandchildren of his own, looked like an especially old and tired weasel, yet he was polite enough. ¡°My lord father has sent me to greet you, and inquire as to who leads this mighty host.¡±
   ¡°I do.¡± Robb spurred his horse forward. He was in his armor, with the direwolf shield of Winterfell strapped to his saddle and Grey Wind padding by his side.
   The old knight looked at her son with a faint flicker of amusement in his watery grey eyes, though his gelding whickered uneasily and sidled away from the direwolf. ¡°My lord father would be most honored if you would share meat and mead with him in the castle and explain your purpose here.¡±
   His words crashed among the lords bannermen like a great stone from a catapult. Not one of them approved. They cursed, argued, shouted down each other.
   ¡°You must not do this, my lord,¡± Galbart Glover pleaded with Robb. ¡°Lord Walder is not to be trusted.¡±
   Roose Bolton nodded. ¡°Go in there alone and you¡¯re his. He can sell you to the Lannisters, throw you in a dungeon, or slit your throat, as he likes.¡±
   ¡°If he wants to talk to us, let him open his gates, and we will all share his meat and mead,¡± declared Ser Wendel Manderly.
   ¡°Or let him come out and treat with Robb here, in plain sight of his men and ours,¡± suggested his brother, Ser Wylis.
   Catelyn Stark shared all their doubts, but she had only to glance at Ser Stevron to see that he was not pleased by what he was hearing. A few more words and the chance would be lost. She had to act, and quickly. ¡°I will go,¡± she said loudly.
   ¡°You, my lady?¡± The Greatjon furrowed his brow.
   ¡°Mother, are you certain?¡± Clearly, Robb was not.
   ¡°Never more,¡± Catelyn lied glibly. ¡°Lord Walder is my father¡¯s bannerman. I have known him since I was a girl. He would never offer me any harm.¡± Unless he saw some profit in it, she added silently, but some truths did not bear saying, and some lies were necessary.
   ¡°I am certain my lord father would be pleased to speak to the Lady Catelyn,¡± Ser Stevron said. ¡°To vouchsafe for our good intentions, my brother Ser Perwyn will remain here until she is safely returned to you.¡±
   ¡°He shall be our honored guest,¡± said Robb. Ser Perwyn, the youngest of the four Freys in the party, dismounted and handed the reins of his horse to a brother. ¡°I require my lady mother¡¯s return by evenfall, Ser Stevron,¡± Robb went on. ¡°It is not my intent to linger here long.¡±
   Ser Stevron Frey gave a polite nod. ¡°As you say, my lord.¡± Catelyn spurred her horse forward and did not look back. Lord Walder¡¯s sons and envoys fell in around her.
   Her father had once said of Walder Frey that he was the only lord in the Seven Kingdoms who could field an army out of his breeches. When the Lord of the Crossing welcomed Catelyn in the great hall of the east castle, surrounded by twenty living sons (minus Ser Perwyn, who would have made twenty-one), thirty-six grandsons, nineteen great-grandsons, and numerous daughters, granddaughters, bastards, and grandbastards, she understood just what he had meant.
   Lord Walder was ninety, a wizened pink weasel with a bald spotted head, too gouty to stand unassisted. His newest wife, a pale frail girl of sixteen years, walked beside his litter when they carried him in. She was the eighth Lady Frey.
   ¡°It is a great pleasure to see you again after so many years, my lord,¡± Catelyn said.
   The old man squinted at her suspiciously. ¡°Is it? I doubt that. Spare me your sweet words, Lady Catelyn, I am too old. Why are you here? Is your boy too proud to come before me himself? What am I to do with you?¡±
   Catelyn had been a girl the last time she had visited the Twins, but even then Lord Walder had been irascible, sharp of tongue, and blunt of manner. Age had made him worse than ever, it would seem. She would need to choose her words with care, and do her best to take no offense from his.
   ¡°Father,¡± Ser Stevron said reproachfully, ¡°you forget yourself. Lady Stark is here at your invitation.¡±
   ¡°Did I ask you? You are not Lord Frey yet, not until I die. Do I look dead? I¡¯ll hear no instructions from you.¡±
   ¡°This is no way to speak in front of our noble guest, Father,¡± one of his younger sons said.
