   ¡°The khal sent the hairless men away, Khaleesi,¡± old Cohollo assured her. Dany saw the bloodrider had taken a wound himself; a deep gash in his left shoulder.
   ¡°Many riders are hurt,¡± Khal Drogo said stubbornly. ¡°Let them be healed first. This arrow is no more than the bite of a fly, this little cut only a new scar to boast of to my son.¡±
   Dany could see the muscles in his chest where the skin had been cut away. A trickle of blood ran from the arrow that pierced his arm. ¡°It is not for Khal Drogo to wait,¡± she proclaimed. ¡°Jhogo, seek out these eunuchs and bring them here at once.¡±
   ¡°Silver Lady,¡± a woman¡¯s voice said behind her, ¡°I can help the Great Rider with his hurts.¡±
   Dany turned her head. The speaker was one of the slaves she had claimed, the heavy, flat-nosed woman who had blessed her.
   ¡°The khal needs no help from women who lie with sheep,¡± barked Qotho. ¡°Aggo, cut out her tongue.¡±
   Aggo grabbed her hair and pressed a knife to her throat.
   Dany lifted a hand. ¡°No. She is mine. Let her speak.¡±
   Aggo looked from her to Qotho. He lowered his knife.
   ¡°I meant no wrong, fierce riders.¡± The woman spoke Dothraki well. The robes she wore had once been the lightest and finest of woolens, rich with embroidery, but now they were mud-caked and bloody and ripped. She clutched the torn cloth of her bodice to her heavy breasts. ¡°I have some small skill in the healing arts.¡±
   ¡°Who are you?¡± Dany asked her.
   ¡°I am named Mirri Maz Duur. I am godswife of this temple.¡±
   ¡°Maegi,¡± grunted Haggo, fingering his arakh. His look was dark. Dany remembered the word from a terrifying story that Jhiqui had told her one night by the cookfire. A maegi was a woman who lay with demons and practiced the blackest of sorceries, a vile thing, evil and soulless, who came to men in the dark of night and sucked life and strength from their bodies.
   ¡°I am a healer,¡± Mirri Maz Duur said.
   ¡°A healer of sheeps,¡± sneered Qotho. ¡°Blood of my blood, I say kill this maegi and wait for the hairless men.¡±
   Dany ignored the bloodrider¡¯s outburst. This old, homely, thickbodied woman did not look like a maegi to her. ¡°Where did you learn your healing, Mirri Maz Duur?¡±
   ¡°My mother was godswife before me, and taught me all the songs and spells most pleasing to the Great Shepherd, and how to make the sacred smokes and ointments from leaf and root and berry. When I was younger and more fair, I went in caravan to Asshai by the Shadow, to learn from their mages. Ships from many lands come to Asshai, so I lingered long to study the healing ways of distant peoples. A moonsinger of the Jogos Nhai gifted me with her birthing songs, a woman of your own riding people taught me the magics of grass and corn and horse, and a maester from the Sunset Lands opened a body for me and showed me all the secrets that hide beneath the skin.¡±
   Ser Jorah Mormont spoke up. ¡°A maester?¡±
   ¡°Marwyn, he named himself,¡± the woman replied in the Common Tongue. ¡°From the sea. Beyond the sea. The Seven Lands, he said. Sunset Lands. Where men are iron and dragons rule. He taught me this speech.¡±
   ¡°A maester in Asshai,¡± Ser Jorah mused. ¡°Tell me, Godswife, what did this Marwyn wear about his neck?¡±
   ¡°A chain so tight it was like to choke him, Iron Lord, with links of many metals.¡±
   The knight looked at Dany. ¡°Only a man trained in the Citadel of Oldtown wears such a chain,¡± he said, ¡°and such men do know much of healing.¡±
   ¡°Why should you want to help my khal?¡±
   ¡°All men are one flock, or so we are taught,¡± replied Mirri Maz Duur. ¡°The Great Shepherd sent me to earth to heal his lambs, wherever I might find them.¡±
   Qotho gave her a stinging slap. ¡°We are no sheep, maegi.¡±
   ¡°Stop it,¡± Dany said angrily. ¡°She is mine. I will not have her harmed.¡±
   Khal Drogo grunted. ¡°The arrow must come out, Qotho.¡±
   ¡°Yes, Great Rider,¡± Mirri Maz Duur answered, touching her bruised face. ¡°And your breast must be washed and sewn, lest the wound fester.¡±
   ¡°Do it, then,¡± Khal Drogo commanded.
   ¡°Great Rider,¡± the woman said, ¡°my tools and potions are inside the god¡¯s house, where the healing powers are strongest.¡±
   ¡°I will carry you, blood of my blood,¡± Haggo offered.
   Khal Drogo waved him away. ¡°I need no man¡¯s help,¡± he said, in a voice proud and hard. He stood, unaided, towering over them all. A fresh wave of blood ran down his breast, from where Ogo¡¯s arakh had cut off his nipple. Dany moved quickly to his side. ¡°I am no man,¡± she whispered, ¡°so you may lean on me.¡± Drogo put a huge hand on her shoulder. She took some of his weight as they walked toward the great mud temple. The three bloodriders followed. Dany commanded Ser Jorah and the warriors of her khas to guard the entrance and make certain no one set the building afire while they were still inside.
