   Dazed, the dwarf knelt and lifted the blade. Pain hammered through his elbow when he moved his arm. The battle seemed to have moved beyond him. No one remained on his part of the field save a large number of corpses. Ravens were already circling and landing to feed. He saw that Ser Kevan had brought up his center in support of the van; his huge mass of pikemen had pushed the northerners back against the hills. They were struggling on the slopes, pikes thrusting against another wall of shields, these oval and reinforced with iron studs. As he watched, the air filled with arrows again, and the men behind the oak wall crumbled beneath the murderous fire. ¡°I believe you are losing, ser,¡± he told the knight under the horse. The man made no reply.
   The sound of hooves coming up behind him made him whirl, though he could scarcely lift the sword he held for the agony in his elbow. Brorm reined up and looked down on him.
   ¡°Small use you turned out to be,¡± Tyrion told him.
   ¡°It would seem you did well enough on your own,¡± Bronn answered. ¡°You¡¯ve lost the spike off your helm, though.¡±
   Tyrion groped at the top of the greathelm. The spike had snapped off clean. ¡°I haven¡¯t lost it. I know just where it is. Do you see my horse?¡±
   By the time they found it, the trumpets had sounded again and Lord Tywin¡¯s reserve came sweeping up along the river. Tyrion watched his father fly past, the crimson-and-gold banner of Lannister rippling over his head as he thundered across the field. Five hundred knights surrounded him, sunlight flashing off the points of their lances. The remnants of the Stark lines shattered like glass beneath the hammer of their charge.
   With his elbow swollen and throbbing inside his armor, Tyrion made no attempt to join the slaughter. He and Bronn went looking for his men. Many he found among the dead. Ulf son of Umar lay in a pool of congealing blood, his arm gone at the elbow, a dozen of his Moon Brothers sprawled around him. Shagga was slumped beneath a tree, riddled with arrows, Conn¡¯s head in his lap. Tyrion thought they were both dead, but as he dismounted, Shagga opened his eyes and said, ¡°They have killed Conn son of Coratt.¡± Handsome Conn had no mark but for the red stain over his breast, where the spear thrust had killed him. When Bronn pulled Shagga to his feet, the big man seemed to notice the arrows for the first time. He plucked them out one by one, cursing the holes they had made in his layers of mail and leather, and yowling like a babe at the few that had buried themselves in his flesh. Chella daughter of Cheyk rode up as they were yanking arrows out of Shagga, and showed them four ears she had taken. Timett they discovered looting the bodies of the slain with his Burned Men. Of the three hundred clansmen who had ridden to battle behind Tyrion Lannister, perhaps half had survived.
   He left the living to look after the dead, sent Bronn to take charge of his captive knight, and went alone in search of his father. Lord Tywin was seated by the river, sipping wine from a jeweled cup as his squire undid the fastenings on his breastplate. ¡°A fine victory,¡± Ser Kevan said when he saw Tyrion. ¡°Your wild men fought well.¡±
   His father¡¯s eyes were on him, pale green flecked with gold, so cool they gave Tyrion a chill. ¡°Did that surprise you, Father?¡± he asked. ¡°Did it upset your plans? We were supposed to be butchered, were we not?¡±
   Lord Tywin drained his cup, his face expressionless. ¡°I put the least disciplined men on the left, yes. I anticipated that they would break. Robb Stark is a green boy, more like to be brave than wise. I¡¯d hoped that if he saw our left collapse, he might plunge into the gap, eager for a rout. Once he was fully committed, Ser Kevan¡¯s pikes would wheel and take him in the flank, driving him into the river while I brought up the reserve.¡±
   ¡°And you thought it best to place me in the midst of this carnage, yet keep me ignorant of your plans.¡±
   ¡°A feigned rout is less convincing,¡± his father said, ¡°and I am not inclined to trust my plans to a man who consorts with sellswords and savages.¡±
   ¡°A pity my savages ruined your dance.¡± Tyrion pulled off his steel gauntlet and let it fall to the ground, wincing at the pain that stabbed up his arm.
   ¡°The Stark boy proved more cautious than I expected for one of his years,¡± Lord Tywin admitted, ¡°but a victory is a victory. You appear to be wounded.¡±
   Tyrion¡¯s right arm was soaked with blood. ¡°Good of you to notice, Father,¡± he said through clenched teeth. ¡°Might I trouble you to send for your maesters? Unless you relish the notion of having a one-armed dwarf for a son?.?.?.?¡±
