   He was there and he was gone again, his silvery armor obscured by the trees once more. Others came behind him, long columns of them, knights and sworn swords and freeriders, three quarters of the Lannister horse.
   ¡°He is no man for sitting in a tent while his carpenters build siege towers,¡± Ser Brynden had promised. ¡°He has ridden out with his knights thrice already, to chase down raiders or storm a stubborn holdfast.¡±
   Nodding, Robb had studied the map her uncle had drawn him. Ned had taught him to read maps. ¡°Raid him here,¡± he said, pointing. ¡°A few hundred men, no more. Tully banners. When he comes after you, we will be waiting¡­¡±his finger moved an inch to the left ¡°¡­here.¡±
   Here was a hush in the night, moonlight and shadows, a thick carpet of dead leaves underfoot, densely wooded ridges sloping gently down to the streambed, the underbrush thinning as the ground fell away.
   Here was her son on his stallion, glancing back at her one last time and lifting his sword in salute.
   Here was the call of Maege Mormont¡¯s warhorn, a long low blast that rolled down the valley from the east, to tell them that the last of Jaime¡¯s riders had entered the trap.
   And Grey Wind threw back his head and howled.
   The sound seemed to go right through Catelyn Stark, and she found herself shivering. It was a terrible sound, a frightening sound, yet there was music in it too. For a second she felt something like pity for the Lannisters below. So this is what death sounds like, she thought.
   HAAroooooooooooooooooooooooo came the answer from the far ridge as the Greatjon winded his own horn. To east and west, the trumpets of the Mallisters and Freys blew vengeance. North, where the valley narrowed and bent like a cocked elbow, Lord Karstark¡¯s warhorns added their own deep, mournful voices to the dark chorus. Men were shouting and horses rearing in the stream below.
   The whispering wood let out its breath all at once, as the bowmen Robb had hidden in the branches of the trees let fly their arrows and the night erupted with the screams of men and horses. All around her, the riders raised their lances, and the dirt and leaves that had buried the cruel bright points fell away to reveal the gleam of sharpened steel. ¡°Winterfell!¡± she heard Robb shout as the arrows sighed again. He moved away from her at a trot, leading his men downhill.
   Catelyn sat on her horse, unmoving, with Hal Mollen and her guard around her, and she waited as she had waited before, for Brandon and Ned and her father. She was high on the ridge, and the trees hid most of what was going on beneath her. A heartbeat, two, four, and suddenly it was as if she and her protectors were alone in the wood. The rest were melted away into the green.
   Yet when she looked across the valley to the far ridge, she saw the Greatjon¡¯s riders emerge from the darkness beneath the trees. They were in a long line, an endless line, and as they burst from the wood there was an instant, the smallest part of a heartbeat, when all Catelyn saw was the moonlight on the points of their lances, as if a thousand willowisps were coming down the ridge, wreathed in silver flame.
   Then she blinked, and they were only men, rushing down to kill or die.
   Afterward, she could not claim she had seen the battle. Yet she could hear, and the valley rang with echoes. The crack of a broken lance, the clash of swords, the cries of ¡°Lannister¡± and ¡°Winterfell¡± and ¡°Tully! Riverrun and Tully!¡± When she realized there was no more to see, she closed her eyes and listened. The battle came alive around her. She heard hoofbeats, iron boots splashing in shallow water, the woody sound of swords on oaken shields and the scrape of steel against steel, the hiss of arrows, the thunder of drums, the terrified screaming of a thousand horses. Men shouted curses and begged for mercy, and got it (or not), and lived (or died). The ridges seemed to play queer tricks with sound. Once she heard Robb¡¯s voice, as clear as if he¡¯d been standing at her side, calling, ¡°To me! To me!¡± And she heard his direwolf, snarling and growling, heard the snap of those long teeth, the tearing of flesh, shrieks of fear and pain from man and horse alike. Was there only one wolf? It was hard to be certain.
   Little by little, the sounds dwindled and died, until at last there was only the wolf. As a red dawn broke in the east, Grey Wind began to howl again.
   Robb came back to her on a different horse, riding a piebald gelding in the place of the grey stallion he had taken down into the valley. The wolf¡¯s head on his shield was slashed half to pieces, raw wood showing where deep gouges had been hacked in the oak, but Robb himself seemed unhurt. Yet when he came closer, Catelyn saw that his mailed glove and the sleeve of his surcoat were black with blood. ¡°You¡¯re hurt,¡± she said.
