   Robb lifted his hand, opened and closed his fingers. ¡°No,¡± he said. ¡°This is?.?.?.?Torrhen¡¯s blood, perhaps, or?.?.?.?¡± He shook his head. ¡°I do not know.¡±
   A mob of men followed him up the slope, dirty and dented and grinning, with Theon and the Greatjon at their head. Between them they dragged Ser Jaime Lannister. They threw him down in front of her horse. ¡°The Kingslayer,¡± Hal announced, unnecessarily.
   Lannister raised his head. ¡°Lady Stark,¡± he said from his knees. Blood ran down one cheek from a gash across his scalp, but the pale light of dawn had put the glint of gold back in his hair. ¡°I would offer you my sword, but I seem to have mislaid it.¡±
   ¡°It is not your sword I want, ser,¡± she told him. ¡°Give me my father and my brother Edmure. Give me my daughters. Give me my lord husband.¡±
   ¡°I have mislaid them as well, I fear.¡±
   ¡°A pity,¡± Catelyn said coldly.
   ¡°Kill him, Robb,¡± Theon Greyjoy urged. ¡°Take his head off.¡±
   ¡°No,¡± her son answered, peeling off his bloody glove. ¡°He¡¯s more use alive than dead. And my lord father never condoned the murder of prisoners after a battle.¡±
   ¡°A wise man,¡± Jaime Lannister said, ¡°and honorable.¡±
   ¡°Take him away and put him in irons,¡± Catelyn said.
   ¡°Do as my lady mother says,¡± Robb commanded, ¡°and make certain there¡¯s a strong guard around him. Lord Karstark will want his head on a pike.¡±
   ¡°That he will,¡± the Greatjon agreed, gesturing. Lannister was led away to be bandaged and chained.
   ¡°Why should Lord Karstark want him dead?¡± Catelyn asked.
   Robb looked away into the woods, with the same brooding look that Ned often got. ¡°He?.?.?.?he killed them?.?.?.?¡±
   ¡°Lord Karstark¡¯s sons,¡± Galbart Glover explained.
   ¡°Both of them,¡± said Robb. ¡°Torrhen and Eddard. And Daryn Hornwood as well.¡±
   ¡°No one can fault Lannister on his courage,¡± Glover said. ¡°When he saw that he was lost, he rallied his retainers and fought his way up the valley, hoping to reach Lord Robb and cut him down. And almost did.¡±
   ¡°He mislaid his sword in Eddard Karstark¡¯s neck, after he took Torrhen¡¯s hand off and split Daryn Hornwood¡¯s skull open,¡± Robb said. ¡°All the time he was shouting for me. If they hadn¡¯t tried to stop him...¡±
   ¡°...I should then be mourning in place of Lord Karstark,¡± Catelyn said. ¡°Your men did what they were sworn to do, Robb. They died protecting their liege lord. Grieve for them. Honor them for their valor. But not now. You have no time for grief. You may have lopped the head off the snake, but three quarters of the body is still coiled around my father¡¯s castle. We have won a battle, not a war.¡±
   ¡°But such a battle!¡± said Theon Greyjoy eagerly. ¡°My lady, the realm has not seen such a victory since the Field of Fire. I vow, the Lannisters lost ten men for every one of ours that fell. We¡¯ve taken close to a hundred knights captive, and a dozen lords bannermen. Lord Westerling, Lord Banefort, Ser Garth Greenfield, Lord Estren, Ser Tytos Brax, Mallor the Dornishman?.?.?.?and three Lannisters besides Jaime, Lord Tywin¡¯s own nephews, two of his sister¡¯s sons and one of his dead brother¡¯s?.?.?.?¡±
   ¡°And Lord Tywin?¡± Catelyn interrupted. ¡°Have you perchance taken Lord Tywin, Theon?¡±
   ¡°No,¡± Greyjoy answered, brought up short.
   ¡°Until you do, this war is far from done.¡±
   Robb raised his head and pushed his hair back out of his eyes. ¡°My mother is right. We still have Riverrun.¡±
   
   DAENERYS
   The flies circled Khal Drogo slowly, their wings buzzing, a low thrum at the edge of hearing that filled Dany with dread.
   The sun was high and pitiless. Heat shimmered in waves off the stony outcrops of low hills. A thin finger of sweat trickled slowly between Dany¡¯s swollen breasts. The only sounds were the steady clop of their horses¡¯ hooves, the rhythmic tingle of the bells in Drogo¡¯s hair, and the distant voices behind them.
   Dany watched the flies.
   They were as large as bees, gross, purplish, glistening. The Dothraki called them bloodflies. They lived in marshes and stagnant pools, sucked blood from man and horse alike, and laid their eggs in the dead and dying. Drogo hated them. Whenever one came near him, his hand would shoot out quick as a striking snake to close around it. She had never seen him miss. He would hold the fly inside his huge fist long enough to hear its frantic buzzing. Then his fingers would tighten, and when he opened his hand again, the fly would be only a red smear on his palm.
