   ¡°She was a traitor.¡± Joffrey looked pouty; somehow she was upsetting him. ¡°You haven¡¯t said what you mean to give me for my name day. Maybe I should give you something instead, would you like that?¡±
   ¡°If it please you, my lord,¡± Sansa said.
   When he smiled, she knew he was mocking her. ¡°Your brother is a traitor too, you know.¡± He turned Septa Mordane¡¯s head back around. ¡°I remember your brother from Winterfell. My dog called him the lord of the wooden sword. Didn¡¯t you, dog?¡±
   ¡°Did I?¡± the Hound replied. ¡°I don¡¯t recall.¡±
   Joffrey gave a petulant shrug. ¡°Your brother defeated my uncle Jaime. My mother says it was treachery and deceit. She wept when she heard. Women are all weak, even her, though she pretends she isn¡¯t. She says we need to stay in King¡¯s Landing in case my other uncles attack, but I don¡¯t care. After my name day feast, I¡¯m going to raise a host and kill your brother myself. That¡¯s what I¡¯ll give you, Lady Sansa. Your brother¡¯s head.¡±
   A kind of madness took over her then, and she heard herself say, ¡°Maybe my brother will give me your head.¡±
   Joffrey scowled. ¡°You must never mock me like that. A true wife does not mock her lord. Ser Meryn, teach her.¡±
   This time the knight grasped her beneath the jaw and held her head still as he struck her. He hit her twice, left to right, and harder, right to left. Her lip split and blood ran down her chin, to mingle with the salt of her tears.
   ¡°You shouldn¡¯t be crying all the time,¡± Joffrey told her. ¡°You¡¯re more pretty when you smile and laugh.¡±
   Sansa made herself smile, afraid that he would have Ser Meryn hit her again if she did not, but it was no good, the king still shook his head. ¡°Wipe off the blood, you¡¯re all messy.¡±
   The outer parapet came up to her chin, but along the inner edge of the walk was nothing, nothing but a long plunge to the bailey seventy or eighty feet below. All it would take was a shove, she told herself. He was standing right there, right there, smirking at her with those fat wormlips. You could do it, she told herself. You could. Do it right now. It wouldn¡¯t even matter if she went over with him. It wouldn¡¯t matter at all.
   ¡°Here, girl.¡± Sandor Clegane knelt before her, between her and Joffrey. With a delicacy surprising in such a big man, he dabbed at the blood welling from her broken lip.
   The moment was gone. Sansa lowered her eyes. ¡°Thank you,¡± she said when he was done. She was a good girl, and always remembered her courtesies.
   
   DAENERYS
   Wings shadowed her fever dreams.
   ¡°You don¡¯t want to wake the dragon, do you?¡±
   She was walking down a long hall beneath high stone arches. She could not look behind her, must not look behind her. There was a door ahead of her, tiny with distance, but even from afar, she saw that it was painted red. She walked faster, and her bare feet left bloody footprints on the stone.
   ¡°You don¡¯t want to wake the dragon, do you?¡±
   She saw sunlight on the Dothraki sea, the living plain, rich with the smells of earth and death. Wind stirred the grasses, and they rippled like water. Drogo held her in strong arms, and his hand stroked her sex and opened her and woke that sweet wetness that was his alone, and the stars smiled down on them, stars in a daylight sky. ¡°Home,¡± she whispered as he entered her and filled her with his seed, but suddenly the stars were gone, and across the blue sky swept the great wings, and the world took flame.
   ¡°?.?.?.?don¡¯t want to wake the dragon, do you?¡±
   Ser Jorah¡¯s face was drawn and sorrowful. ¡°Rhaegar was the last dragon,¡± he told her. He warmed translucent hands over a glowing brazier where stone eggs smouldered red as coals. One moment he was there and the next he was fading, his flesh colorless, less substantial than the wind. ¡°The last dragon,¡± he whispered, thin as a wisp, and was gone. She felt the dark behind her, and the red door seemed farther away than ever.
   ¡°?.?.?.?don¡¯t want to wake the dragon, do you?¡±
   Viserys stood before her, screaming. ¡°The dragon does not beg, slut. You do not command the dragon. I am the dragon, and I will be crowned.¡± The molten gold trickled down his face like wax, burning deep channels in his flesh. ¡°I am the dragon and I will be crowned!¡± he shrieked, and his fingers snapped like snakes, biting at her nipples, pinching, twisting, even as his eyes burst and ran like jelly down seared and blackened cheeks.
   ¡°?.?.?.?don¡¯t want to wake the dragon?.?.?.?¡±
   The red door was so far ahead of her, and she could feel the icy breath behind, sweeping up on her. If it caught her she would die a death that was more than death, howling forever alone in the darkness. She began to run.
   ¡°?.?.?.?don¡¯t want to wake the dragon?.?.?.?¡±
