   After a time, a night, a day, a year, she could not say, she woke again. The tent was dark, its silken walls flapping like wings when the wind gusted outside. This time Dany did not attempt to rise. ¡°Irri,¡± she called, ¡°Jhiqui. Doreah.¡± They were there at once. ¡°My throat is dry,¡± she said, ¡°so dry,¡± and they brought her water. It was warm and flat, yet Dany drank it eagerly, and sent Jhiqui for more. Irri dampened a soft cloth and stroked her brow. ¡°I have been sick,¡± Dany said. The Dothraki girl nodded. ¡°How long?¡± The cloth was soothing, but Irri seemed so sad, it frightened her. ¡°Long,¡± she whispered. When Jhiqui returned with more water, Mirri Maz Duur came with her, eyes heavy from sleep. ¡°Drink,¡± she said, lifting Dany¡¯s head to the cup once more, but this time it was only wine. Sweet, sweet wine. Dany drank, and lay back, listening to the soft sound of her own breathing. She could feel the heaviness in her limbs, as sleep crept in to fill her up once more. ¡°Bring me?.?.?.?¡± she murmured, her voice slurred and drowsy. ¡°Bring?.?.?.?I want to hold?.?.?.?¡±
   ¡°Yes?¡± the maegi asked. ¡°What is it you wish, Khaleesi?¡±
   ¡°Bring me?.?.?.?egg?.?.?.?dragon¡¯s egg?.?.?.?please?.?.?.?¡± Her lashes turned to lead, and she was too weary to hold them up.
   When she woke the third time, a shaft of golden sunlight was pouring through the smoke hole of the tent, and her arms were wrapped around a dragon¡¯s egg. It was the pale one, its scales the color of butter cream, veined with whorls of gold and bronze, and Dany could feel the heat of it. Beneath her bedsilks, a fine sheen of perspiration covered her bare skin. Dragondew, she thought. Her fingers trailed lightly across the surface of the shell, tracing the wisps of gold, and deep in the stone she felt something twist and stretch in response. It did not frighten her. All her fear was gone, burned away.
   Dany touched her brow. Under the film of sweat, her skin was cool to the touch, her fever gone. She made herself sit. There was a moment of dizziness, and the deep ache between her thighs. Yet she felt strong. Her maids came running at the sound of her voice. ¡°Water,¡± she told them, ¡°a flagon of water, cold as you can find it. And fruit, I think. Dates.¡±
   ¡°As you say, Khaleesi.¡±
   ¡°I want Ser Jorah,¡± she said, standing. Jhiqui brought a sandsilk robe and draped it over her shoulders. ¡°And a warm bath, and Mirri Maz Duur, and?.?.?.?¡± Memory came back to her all at once, and she faltered. ¡°Khal Drogo,¡± she forced herself to say, watching their faces with dread. ¡°Is he&mdash?¡±
   ¡°The khal lives,¡± Irri answered quietly?.?.?.?yet Dany saw a darkness in her eyes when she said the words, and no sooner had she spoken than she rushed away to fetch water.
   She turned to Doreah. ¡°Tell me.¡±
   ¡°I?.?.?.?I shall bring Ser Jorah,¡± the Lysene girl said, bowing her head and fleeing the tent.
   Jhiqui would have run as well, but Dany caught her by the wrist and held her captive. ¡°What is it? I must know. Drogo?.?.?.?and my child.¡± Why had she not remembered the child until now? ¡°My son?.?.?.?Rhaego?.?.?.?where is he? I want him.¡±
   Her handmaid lowered her eyes. ¡°The boy?.?.?.?he did not live, Khaleesi.¡± Her voice was a frightened whisper.
   Dany released her wrist. My son is dead, she thought as Jhiqui left the tent. She had known somehow. She had known since she woke the first time to Jhiqui¡¯s tears. No, she had known before she woke. Her dream came back to her, sudden and vivid, and she remembered the tall man with the copper skin and long silver-gold braid, bursting into flame.
   She should weep, she knew, yet her eyes were dry as ash. She had wept in her dream, and the tears had turned to steam on her cheeks. All the grief has been burned out of me, she told herself. She felt sad, and yet?.?.?.?she could feel Rhaego receding from her, as if he had never been.
   Ser Jorah and Mirri Maz Duur entered a few moments later, and found Dany standing over the other dragon¡¯s eggs, the two still in their chest. It seemed to her that they felt as hot as the one she had slept with, which was passing strange. ¡°Ser Jorah, come here,¡± she said. She took his hand and placed it on the black egg with the scarlet swirls. ¡°What do you feel?¡±
   ¡°Shell, hard as rock.¡± The knight was wary. ¡°Scales.¡±
   ¡°Heat?¡±
   ¡°No. Cold stone.¡± He took his hand away. ¡°Princess, are you well? Should you be up, weak as you are?¡±
   ¡°Weak? I am strong, Jorah.¡± To please him, she reclined on a pile of cushions. ¡°Tell me how my child died.¡±
   ¡°He never lived, my princess. The women say?.?.?.?¡± He faltered, and Dany saw how the flesh hung loose on him, and the way he limped when he moved.
   ¡°Tell me. Tell me what the women say.¡±
   He turned his face away. His eyes were haunted. ¡°They say the child was?.?.?.?¡±
