¡¡¡¡Shireen was unconvinced. ¡°What about the thing in the sky? Dalla and Matrice were talking by the well, and Dalla said she heard the red woman tell Mother that it was dragonsbreath. If the dragons are breathing, doesn¡¯t that mean they are coming to life?¡± 
¡¡¡¡The red woman, Maester Cressen thought sourly. Ill enough that she¡¯s filled the head of the mother with her madness, must she poison the daughter¡¯s dreams as well? He would have a stern word with Dalla, warn her not to spread such tales. ¡°The thing in the sky is a comet, sweet child. A star with a tail, lost in the heavens. It will be gone soon enough, never to be seen again in our lifetimes. Watch and see.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Shireen gave a brave little nod. ¡°Mother said the white raven means it¡¯s not summer anymore.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°That is so, my lady. The white ravens fly only from the Citadel.¡± Cressen¡¯s fingers went to the chain about his neck, each link forged from a different metal, each symbolizing his mastery of another branch of learning; the maester¡¯s collar, mark of his order. In the pride of his youth, he had worn it easily, but now it seemed heavy to him, the metal cold against his skin. ¡°They are larger than other ravens, and more clever, bred to carry only the most important messages. This one came to tell us that the Conclave has met, considered the reports and measurements made by maesters all over the realm, and declared this great summer done at last. Ten years, two turns, and sixteen days it lasted, the longest summer in living memory.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Will it get cold now?¡± Shireen was a summer child, and had never known true cold. 
¡¡¡¡¡°In time,¡± Cressen replied. ¡°If the gods are good, they will grant us a warm autumn and bountiful harvests, so we might prepare for the winter to come.¡± The smallfolk said that a long summer meant an even longer winter, but the maester saw no reason to frighten the child with such tales. 
¡¡¡¡Patchface rang his bells. ¡°It is always summer under the sea,¡± he intoned. ¡°The merwives wear nennymoans in their hair and weave gowns of silver seaweed. I know, I know, oh, oh, oh.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Shireen giggled. ¡°I should like a gown of silver seaweed.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Under the sea, it snows up,¡± said the fool, ¡°and the rain is dry as bone. I know, I know, oh, oh, oh.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Will it truly snow?¡± the child asked. 
¡¡¡¡¡°It will,¡± Cressen said. But not for years yet, I pray, and then not for long. ¡°Ah, here is Pylos with the bird.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Shireen gave a cry of delight. Even Cressen had to admit the bird made an impressive sight, white as snow and larger than any hawk, with the bright black eyes that meant it was no mere albino, but a truebred white raven of the Citadel. ¡°Here,¡± he called. The raven spread its wings, leapt into the air, and flapped noisily across the room to land on the table beside him. 
¡¡¡¡¡°I¡¯ll see to your breakfast now,¡± Pylos announced. Cressen nodded. ¡°This is the Lady Shireen,¡± he told the raven. The bird bobbed its pale head up and down, as if it were bowing. ¡°Lady,¡± it croaked. ¡°Lady.¡± 
¡¡¡¡The child¡¯s mouth gaped open. ¡°It talks!¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°A few words. As I said, they are clever, these birds.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Clever bird, clever man, clever clever fool,¡± said Patchface, jangling. ¡°Oh, clever clever clever fool.¡± He began to sing. ¡°The shadows come to dance, my lord, dance my lord, dance my lord,¡± he sang, hopping from one foot to the other and back again. ¡°The shadows come to stay, my lord, stay my lord, stay my lord.¡± He jerked his head with each word, the bells in his antlers sending up a clangor. 
¡¡¡¡The white raven screamed and went flapping away to perch on the iron railing of the rookery stairs. Shireen seemed to grow smaller. ¡°He sings that all the time. I told him to stop but he won¡¯t. It makes me scared. Make him stop.¡± 
¡¡¡¡And how do I do that? the old man wondered. Once I might have silenced him forever, but now . . . Patchface had come to them as a boy. Lord Steffon of cherished memory had found him in Volantis, across the narrow sea. The king¡ªthe old king, Aerys II Targaryen, who had not been quite so mad in those days, had sent his lordship to seek a bride for Prince Rhaegar, who had no sisters to wed. ¡°We have found the most splendid fool,¡± he wrote Cressen, a fortnight before he was to return home from his fruitless mission. ¡°Only a boy, yet nimble as a monkey and witty as a dozen courtiers. He juggles and riddles and does magic, and he can sing prettily in four tongues. We have bought his freedom and hope to bring him home with us. Robert will be delighted with him, and perhaps in time he will even teach Stannis how to laugh.¡± 
