¡¡¡¡And I will serve you to the last, my sweet lord, my poor lonely son, Cressen thought, for suddenly he saw the way. Ser Davos¡¯s cup was before him, still half-full of sour red. He found a hard flake of crystal in his sleeve, held it tight between thumb and forefinger as he reached for the cup. Smooth motions, deft, I must not fumble now, he prayed, and the gods were kind. In the blink of an eye, his fingers were empty. His hands had not been so steady for years, nor half so fluid. Davos saw, but no one else, he was certain. Cup in hand, he rose to his feet. ¡°Mayhaps I have been a fool. Lady Melisandre, will you share a cup of wine with me? A cup in honor of your god, your Lord of Light? A cup to toast his power?¡± 
¡¡¡¡The red woman studied him. ¡°If you wish.¡± 
¡¡¡¡He could feel them all watching him. Davos clutched at him as he left the bench, catching his sleeve with the fingers that Lord Stannis had shortened. ¡°What are you doing?¡± he whispered. 
¡¡¡¡¡°A thing that must be done,¡± Maester Cressen answered, ¡°for the sake of the realm, and the soul of my lord.¡± He shook off Davos¡¯s hand, spilling a drop of wine on the rushes. 
¡¡¡¡She met him beneath the high table with every man¡¯s eyes upon them. But Cressen saw only her. Red silk, red eyes, the ruby red at her throat, red lips curled in a faint smile as she put her hand atop his own, around the cup. Her skin felt hot, feverish. 
¡¡¡¡¡°It is not too late to spill the wine, Maester.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°No,¡± he whispered hoarsely. ¡°No.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°As you will.¡± Melisandre of Asshai took the cup from his hands and drank long and deep. There was only half a swallow of wine remaining when she offered it back to him. ¡°And now you.¡± 
¡¡¡¡His hands were shaking, but he made himself be strong. A maester of the Citadel must not be afraid. The wine was sour on his tongue. He let the empty cup drop from his fingers to shatter on the floor. ¡°He does have power here, my lord,¡± the woman said. ¡°And fire cleanses.¡± At her throat, the ruby shimmered redly. 
¡¡¡¡Cressen tried to reply, but his words caught in his throat. His cough became a terrible thin whistle as he strained to suck in air. Iron fingers tightened round his neck. As he sank to his knees, still he shook his head, denying her, denying her power, denying her magic, denying her god. And the cowbells peeled in his antlers, singing fool, fool, fool while the red woman looked down on him in pity, the candle flames dancing in her red red eyes. 
¡¡¡¡CHAPTER 1 
¡¡¡¡ARYA 
¡¡¡¡At Winterfell they had called her ¡°Arya Horseface¡± and she¡¯d thought nothing could be worse, but that was before the orphan boy Lommy Greenhands had named her ¡°Lumpyhead.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Her head felt lumpy when she touched it. When Yoren had dragged her into that alley she¡¯d thought he meant to kill her, but the sour old man had only held her tight, sawing through her mats and tangles with his dagger. She remembered how the breeze sent the fistfuls of dirty brown hair skittering across the paving stones, toward the sept where her father had died. ¡°I¡¯m taking men and boys from the city,¡± Yoren growled as the sharp steel scraped at her head. ¡°Now you hold still, boy.¡± By the time he had finished, her scalp was nothing but tufts and stubble. 
¡¡¡¡Afterward he told her that from there to Winterfell she¡¯d be Arry the orphan boy. ¡°Gate shouldn¡¯t be hard, but the road¡¯s another matter. You got a long way to go in bad company. I got thirty this time, men and boys all bound for the Wall, and don¡¯t be thinking they¡¯re like that bastard brother o¡¯ yours.¡± He shook her. ¡°Lord Eddard gave me pick o¡¯ the dungeons, and I didn¡¯t find no little lordlings down there. This lot, half o¡¯ them would turn you over to the queen quick as spit for a pardon and maybe a few silvers. The other half¡¯d do the same, only they¡¯d rape you first. So you keep to yourself and make your water in the woods, alone. That¡¯ll be the hardest part, the pissing, so don¡¯t drink no more¡¯n you need.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Leaving King¡¯s Landing was easy, just like he¡¯d said. The Lannister guardsmen on the gate were stopping everyone, but Yoren called one by name and their wagons were waved through. No one spared Arya a glance. They were looking for a highborn girl, daughter of the King¡¯s Hand, not for a skinny boy with his hair chopped off. Arya never looked back. She wished the Rush would rise and wash the whole city away, Flea Bottom and the Red Keep and the Great Sept and everything, and everyone too, especially Prince Joffrey and his mother. But she knew it wouldn¡¯t, and anyhow Sansa was still in the city and would wash away too. When she remembered that, Arya decided to wish for Winterfell instead. 
