¡¡¡¡¡°Neither. These are gnats, not knights. I¡¯d have them all put to death, only it¡¯s my name day. The tourney is done. Get them all out of my sight.¡± 
¡¡¡¡The master of revels bowed, but Prince Tommen was not so obedient. ¡°I¡¯m supposed to ride against the straw man.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Not today.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°But I want to ride!¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I don¡¯t care what you want.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Mother said I could ride.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°She said,¡± Princess Myrcella agreed. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Mother said,¡± mocked the king. ¡°Don¡¯t be childish.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°We¡¯re children,¡± Myrcella declared haughtily. ¡°We¡¯re supposed to be childish.¡± 
¡¡¡¡The Hound laughed. ¡°She has you there.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Joffrey was beaten. ¡°Very well. Even my brother couldn¡¯t tilt any worse than these others. Master, bring out the quintain, Tommen wants to be a gnat.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Tommen gave a shout of joy and ran off to be readied, his chubby little legs pumping hard. ¡°Luck,¡± Sansa called to him. 
¡¡¡¡They set up the quintain at the far end of the lists while the prince¡¯s pony was being saddled. Tommen¡¯s opponent was a child-sized leather warrior stuffed with straw and mounted on a pivot, with a shield in one hand and a padded mace in the other. Someone had fastened a pair of antlers to the knight¡¯s head. Joffrey¡¯s father King Robert had worn antlers on his helm, Sansa remembered . . . but so did his uncle Lord Renly, Robert¡¯s brother, who had turned traitor and crowned himself king. 
¡¡¡¡A pair of squires buckled the prince into his ornate silver-and-crimson armor. A tall plume of red feathers sprouted from the crest of his helm, and the lion of Lannister and crowned stag of Baratheon frolicked together on his shield. The squires helped him mount, and Ser Aron Santagar, the Red Keep¡¯s master-at-arms, stepped forward and handed Tommen a blunted silver longsword with a leaf-shaped blade, crafted to fit an eight-year-old hand. 
¡¡¡¡Tommen raised the blade high. ¡°Casterly Rock!¡± he shouted in a high boyish voice as he put his heels into his pony and started across the hard-packed dirt at the quintain. Lady Tanda and Lord Gyles started a ragged cheer, and Sansa added her voice to theirs. The king brooded in silence. 
¡¡¡¡Tommen got his pony up to a brisk trot, waved his sword vigorously, and struck the knight¡¯s shield a solid blow as he went by. The quintain spun, the padded mace flying around to give the prince a mighty whack in the back of his head. Tommen spilled from the saddle, his new armor rattling like a bag of old pots as he hit the ground. His sword went flying, his pony cantered away across the bailey, and a great gale of derision went up. King Joffrey laughed longest and loudest of all. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Oh,¡± Princess Myrcella cried. She scrambled out of the box and ran to her little brother. 
¡¡¡¡Sansa found herself possessed of a queer giddy courage. ¡°You should go with her,¡± she told the king. ¡°Your brother might be hurt.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Joffrey shrugged. ¡°What if he is?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°You should help him up and tell him how well he rode.¡± Sansa could not seem to stop herself. 
¡¡¡¡¡°He got knocked off his horse and fell in the dirt,¡± the king pointed out. ¡°That¡¯s not riding well.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Look,¡± the Hound interrupted. ¡°The boy has courage. He¡¯s going to try again.¡± 
¡¡¡¡They were helping Prince Tommen mount his pony. If only Tommen were the elder instead of Joffrey, Sansa thought. I wouldn¡¯t mind marrying Tommen. 
¡¡¡¡The sounds from the gatehouse took them by surprise. Chains rattled as the portcullis was drawn upward, and the great gates opened to the creak of iron hinges. ¡°Who told them to open the gate?¡± Joff demanded. With the troubles in the city, the gates of the Red Keep had been closed for days. 
¡¡¡¡A column of riders emerged from beneath the portcullis with a clink of steel and a clatter of hooves. Clegane stepped close to the king, one hand on the hilt of his longsword. The visitors were dinted and haggard and dusty, yet the standard they carried was the lion of Lannister, golden on its crimson field. A few wore the red cloaks and mail of Lannister men-at-arms, but more were freeriders and sellswords, armored in oddments and bristling with sharp steel . . . and there were others, monstrous savages out of one of Old Nan¡¯s tales, the scary ones Bran used to love. They were clad in shabby skins and boiled leather, with long hair and fierce beards. Some wore bloodstained bandages over their brows or wrapped around their hands, and others were missing eyes, ears, and fingers. 
