¡¡¡¡¡°It may be worth the trying . . . but make no mistake, Tyrion. If I accept you, you shall be the King¡¯s Hand in name, but my Hand in truth. You will share all your plans and intentions with me before you act, and you will do nothing without my consent. Do you understand?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Oh, yes.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Do you agree?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Certainly,¡± he lied. ¡°I am yours, sister.¡± For as long as I need to be. ¡°So, now that we are of one purpose, we ought have no more secrets between us. You say Joffrey had Lord Eddard killed, Varys dismissed Ser Barristan, and Littlefinger gifted us with Lord Slynt. Who murdered Jon Arryn?¡± 
¡¡¡¡Cersei yanked her hand back. ¡°How should I know?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°The grieving widow in the Eyrie seems to think it was me. Where did she come by that notion, I wonder?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I¡¯m sure I don¡¯t know. That fool Eddard Stark accused me of the same thing. He hinted that Lord Arryn suspected or . . . well, believed . . .¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°That you were fucking our sweet Jaime?¡± 
¡¡¡¡She slapped him. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Did you think I was as blind as Father?¡± Tyrion rubbed his cheek. ¡°Who you lie with is no matter to me . . . although it doesn¡¯t seem quite just that you should open your legs for one brother and not the other.¡± 
¡¡¡¡She slapped him. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Be gentle, Cersei, I¡¯m only jesting with you. If truth be told, I¡¯d sooner have a nice whore. I never understood what Jaime saw in you, apart from his own reflection.¡± 
¡¡¡¡She slapped him. 
¡¡¡¡His cheeks were red and burning, yet he smiled. ¡°If you keep doing that, I may get angry.¡± 
¡¡¡¡That stayed her hand. ¡°Why should I care if you do?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I have some new friends,¡± Tyrion confessed. ¡°You won¡¯t like them at all. How did you kill Robert?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°He did that himself. All we did was help. When Lancel saw that Robert was going after boar, he gave him strongwine. His favorite sour red, but fortified, three times as potent as he was used to. The great stinking fool loved it. He could have stopped swilling it down anytime he cared to, but no, he drained one skin and told Lancel to fetch another. The boar did the rest. You should have been at the feast, Tyrion. There has never been a boar so delicious. They cooked it with mushrooms and apples, and it tasted like triumph.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Truly, sister, you were born to be a widow.¡± Tyrion had rather liked Robert Baratheon, great blustering oaf that he was . . . doubtless in part because his sister loathed him so. ¡°Now, if you are done slapping me, I will be off.¡± He twisted his legs around and clambered down awkwardly from the chair. 
¡¡¡¡Cersei frowned. ¡°I haven¡¯t given you leave to depart. I want to know how you intend to free Jaime.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I¡¯ll tell you when I know. Schemes are like fruit, they require a certain ripening. Right now, I have a mind to ride through the streets and take the measure of this city.¡± Tyrion rested his hand on the head of the sphinx beside the door. ¡°One parting request. Kindly make certain no harm comes to Sansa Stark. It would not do to lose both the daughters.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Outside the council chamber, Tyrion nodded to Ser Mandon and made his way down the long vaulted hall. Bronn fell in beside him. Of Timett son of Timett there was no sign. ¡°Where¡¯s our red hand?¡± Tyrion asked. 
¡¡¡¡¡°He felt an urge to explore. His kind was not made for waiting about in halls.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I hope he doesn¡¯t kill anyone important.¡± The clansmen Tyrion had brought down from their fastnesses in the Mountains of the Moon were loyal in their own fierce way, but they were proud and quarrelsome as well, prone to answer insults real or imagined with steel. ¡°Try to find him. And while you are at it, see that the rest have been quartered and fed. I want them in the barracks beneath the Tower of the Hand, but don¡¯t let the steward put the Stone Crows near the Moon Brothers, and tell him the Burned Men must have a hall all to themselves.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Where will you be?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I¡¯m riding back to the Broken Anvil.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Bronn grinned insolently. ¡°Need an escort? The talk is, the streets are dangerous.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I¡¯ll call upon the captain of my sister¡¯s household guard, and remind him that I am no less a Lannister than she is. He needs to recall that his oath is to Casterly Rock, not to Cersei or Joffrey.¡± 
¡¡¡¡An hour later, Tyrion rode from the Red Keep accompanied by a dozen Lannister guardsmen in crimson cloaks and lion-crested halfhelms. As they passed beneath the portcullis, he noted the heads mounted atop the walls. Black with rot and old tar, they had long since become unrecognizable. ¡°Captain Vylarr,¡± he called, ¡°I want those taken down on the morrow. Give them to the silent sisters for cleaning.¡± It would be hell to match them with the bodies, he supposed, yet it must be done. Even in the midst of war certain decencies needed to be observed. 
