¡¡¡¡¡°People have called me a halfman too, yet I think the gods have been kinder to me. I am small, my legs are twisted, and women do not look upon me with any great yearning . . . yet I¡¯m still a man. Shae is not the first to grace my bed, and one day I may take a wife and sire a son. If the gods are good, he¡¯ll look like his uncle and think like his father. You have no such hope to sustain you. Dwarfs are a jape of the gods . . . but men make eunuchs. Who cut you, Varys? When and why? Who are you, truly?¡± 
¡¡¡¡The eunuch¡¯s smile never flickered, but his eyes glittered with something that was not laughter. ¡°You are kind to ask, my lord, but my tale is long and sad, and we have treasons to discuss.¡± He drew a parchment from the sleeve of his robe. ¡°The master of the King¡¯s Galley White Hart plots to slip anchor three days hence to offer his sword and ship to Lord Stannis.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Tyrion sighed. ¡°I suppose we must make some sort of bloody lesson out of the man?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Ser Jacelyn could arrange for him to vanish, but a trial before the king would help assure the continued loyalty of the other captains.¡± 
¡¡¡¡And keep my royal nephew occupied as well. ¡°As you say. Put him down for a dose of Joffrey¡¯s justice.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Varys made a mark on the parchment. ¡°Ser Horas and Ser Hobber Redwyne have bribed a guard to let them out a postern gate, the night after next. Arrangements have been made for them to sail on the Pentoshi galley Moonrunner, disguised as oarsmen.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Can we keep them on those oars for a few years, see how they fancy it?¡± He smiled. ¡°No, my sister would be distraught to lose such treasured guests. Inform Ser Jacelyn. Seize the man they bribed and explain what an honor it is to serve as a brother of the Night¡¯s Watch. And have men posted around the Moonrunner, in case the Redwynes find a second guard short of coin.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°As you will.¡± Another mark on the parchment. ¡°Your man Timett slew a wineseller¡¯s son this evening, at a gambling den on the Street of Silver. He accused him of cheating at tiles.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Was it true?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Oh, beyond a doubt.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Then the honest men of the city owe Timett a debt of gratitude. I shall see that he has the king¡¯s thanks.¡± 
¡¡¡¡The eunuch gave a nervous giggle and made another mark. ¡°We also have a sudden plague of holy men. The comet has brought forth all manner of queer priests, preachers, and prophets, it would seem. They beg in the winesinks and pot-shops and foretell doom and destruction to anyone who stops to listen.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Tyrion shrugged. ¡°We are close on the three hundredth year since Aegon¡¯s Landing, I suppose it is only to be expected. Let them rant.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°They are spreading fear, my lord.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I thought that was your job.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Varys covered his mouth with his hand. ¡°You are very cruel to say so. One last matter. Lady Tanda gave a small supper last night. I have the menu and the guest list for your inspection. When the wine was poured, Lord Gyles rose to lift a cup to the king, and Ser Balon Swann was heard to remark, ¡®We¡¯ll need three cups for that.¡¯ Many laughed . . .¡± 
¡¡¡¡Tyrion raised a hand. ¡°Enough. Ser Balon made a jest. I am not interested in treasonous table talk, Lord Varys.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°You are as wise as you are gentle, my lord.¡± The parchment vanished up the eunuch¡¯s sleeve. ¡°We both have much to do. I shall leave you.¡± 
¡¡¡¡When the eunuch had departed, Tyrion sat for a long time watching the candle and wondering how his sister would take the news of Janos Slynt¡¯s dismissal. Not happily, if he was any judge, but beyond sending an angry protest to Lord Tywin in Harrenhal, he did not see what Cersei could hope to do about it. Tyrion had the City Watch now, plus a hundred-and-a-half fierce clansmen and a growing force of sellswords recruited by Bronn. He would seem well protected. 
¡¡¡¡Doubtless Eddard Stark thought the same. 
¡¡¡¡The Red Keep was dark and still when Tyrion left the Small Hall. Bronn was waiting in his solar. ¡°Slynt?¡± he asked. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Lord Janos will be sailing for the Wall on the morning tide. Varys would have me believe that I have replaced one of Joffrey¡¯s men with one of my own. More likely, I have replaced Littlefinger¡¯s man with one belonging to Varys, but so be it.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°You¡¯d best know, Timett killed a man¡ª¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Varys told me.¡± 
¡¡¡¡The sellsword seemed unsurprised. ¡°The fool figured a one-eyed man would be easier to cheat. Timett pinned his wrist to the table with a dagger and ripped out his throat barehanded. He has this trick where he stiffens his fingers¡ª¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Spare me the grisly details, my supper is sitting badly in my belly,¡± Tyrion said. ¡°How goes your recruiting?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Well enough. Three new men tonight.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°How do you know which ones to hire?¡± 
