¡¡¡¡Here farmland gave way to forest, the villages and holdfasts were smaller and farther apart, the hills higher and the valleys deeper. Food grew harder to come by. In the city, Yoren had loaded up the wagons with salt fish, hard bread, lard, turnips, sacks of beans and barley, and wheels of yellow cheese, but every bite of it had been eaten. Forced to live off the land, Yoren turned to Koss and Kurz, who¡¯d been taken as poachers. He would send them ahead of the column, into the woods, and come dusk they would be back with a deer slung between them on a pole or a brace of quail swinging from their belts. The younger boys would be set to picking blackberries along the road, or climbing fences to fill a sack with apples if they happened upon an orchard. 
¡¡¡¡Arya was a skilled climber and a fast picker, and she liked to go off by herself. One day she came across a rabbit, purely by happenstance. It was brown and fat, with long ears and a twitchy nose. Rabbits ran faster than cats, but they couldn¡¯t climb trees half so well. She whacked it with her stick and grabbed it by its ears, and Yoren stewed it with some mushrooms and wild onions. Arya was given a whole leg, since it was her rabbit. She shared it with Gendry. The rest of them each got a spoonful, even the three in manacles. Jaqen H¡¯ghar thanked her politely for the treat, and Biter licked the grease off his dirty fingers with a blissful look, but Rorge, the noseless one, only laughed and said, ¡°There¡¯s a hunter now. Lumpyface Lumpyhead Rabbitkiller.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Outside a holdfast called Briarwhite, some fieldhands surrounded them in a cornfield, demanding coin for the ears they¡¯d taken. Yoren eyed their scythes and tossed them a few coppers. ¡°Time was, a man in black was feasted from Dorne to Winterfell, and even high lords called it an honor to shelter him under their roofs,¡± he said bitterly. ¡°Now cravens like you want hard coin for a bite of wormy apple.¡± He spat. 
¡¡¡¡¡°It¡¯s sweetcorn, better¡¯n a stinking old black bird like you deserves,¡± one of them answered roughly. ¡°You get out of our field now, and take these sneaks and stabbers with you, or we¡¯ll stake you up in the corn to scare the other crows away.¡± 
¡¡¡¡They roasted the sweetcorn in the husk that night, turning the ears with long forked sticks, and ate it hot right off the cob. Arya thought it tasted wonderful, but Yoren was too angry to eat. A cloud seemed to hang over him, ragged and black as his cloak. He paced about the camp restlessly, muttering to himself. The next day Koss came racing back to warn Yoren of a camp ahead. ¡°Twenty or thirty men, in mail and halfhelms,¡± he said. ¡°Some of them are cut up bad, and one¡¯s dying, from the sound of him. With all the noise he was making, I got right up close. They got spears and shields, but only one horse, and that¡¯s lame. I think they been there awhile, from the stink of the place.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°See a banner?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Spotted treecat, yellow and black, on a mud-brown field.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Yoren folded a sourleaf into his mouth and chewed. ¡°Can¡¯t say,¡± he admitted. ¡°Might be one side, might be t¡¯other. If they¡¯re hurt that bad, likely they¡¯d take our mounts no matter who they are. Might be they¡¯d take more than that. I believe we¡¯ll go wide around them.¡± It took them miles out of their way, and cost them two days at the least, but the old man said it was cheap at the price. ¡°You¡¯ll have time enough on the Wall. The rest o¡¯ your lives, most like. Seems to me there¡¯s no rush to get there.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Arya saw men guarding the fields more and more when they turned north again. Often they stood silently beside the road, giving a cold eye to anyone who passed. Elsewhere they patrolled on horses, riding their fence lines with axes strapped to their saddles. At one place, she spotted a man perched up in a dead tree, with a bow in his hand and a quiver hanging from the branch beside him. The moment he spied them, he notched an arrow to his bowstring, and never looked away until the last wagon was out of sight. All the while, Yoren cursed. ¡°Him in his tree, let¡¯s see how well he likes it up there when the Others come to take him. He¡¯ll scream for the Watch then, that he will.¡± 
¡¡¡¡A day later Dobber spied a red glow against the evening sky. ¡°Either this road went and turned again, or that sun¡¯s setting in the north.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Yoren climbed a rise to get a better look. ¡°Fire,¡± he announced. He licked a thumb and held it up. ¡°Wind should blow it away from us. Still bears watching.¡± 
