¡¡¡¡Stannis nodded. ¡°I mean for you to sail Black Betha north, to Gulltown, the Fingers, the Three Sisters, even White Harbor. Your son Dale will go south in Wraith, past Cape Wrath and the Broken Arm, all along the coast of Dorne as far as the Arbor. Each of you will carry a chest of letters, and you will deliver one to every port and holdfast and fishing village. Nail them to the doors of septs and inns for every man to read who can.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Davos said, ¡°That will be few enough.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Ser Davos speaks truly, Your Grace,¡± said Maester Pylos. ¡°It would be better to have the letters read aloud.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Better, but more dangerous,¡± said Stannis. ¡°These words will not be kindly received.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Give me knights to do the reading,¡± Davos said. ¡°That will carry more weight than anything I might say.¡± Stannis seemed well satisfied with that. ¡°I can give you such men, yes. I have a hundred knights who would sooner read than fight. Be open where you can and stealthy where you must. Use every smuggler¡¯s trick you know, the black sails, the hidden coves, whatever it requires. If you run short of letters, capture a few septons and set them to copying out more. I mean to use your second son as well. He will take Lady Marya across the narrow sea, to Braavos and the other Free Cities, to deliver other letters to the men who rule there. The world will know of my claim, and of Cersei¡¯s infamy.¡± 
¡¡¡¡You can tell them, Davos thought, but will they believe? He glanced thoughtfully at Maester Pylos. The king caught the look. ¡°Maester, perhaps you ought get to your writing. We will need a great many letters, and soon.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°As you will.¡± Pylos bowed, and took his leave. 
¡¡¡¡The king waited until he was gone before he said, ¡°What is it you would not say in the presence of my maester, Davos?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°My liege, Pylos is pleasant enough, but I cannot see the chain about his neck without mourning for Maester Cressen.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Is it his fault the old man died?¡± Stannis glanced into the fire. ¡°I never wanted Cressen at that feast. He¡¯d angered me, yes, he¡¯d given me bad counsel, but I did not want him dead. I¡¯d hoped he might be granted a few years of ease and comfort. He had earned that much, at least, but¡ª¡± he ground his teeth together¡ª¡°but he died. And Pylos serves me ably.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Pylos is the least of it. The letter . . . What did your lords make of it, I wonder?¡± 
¡¡¡¡Stannis snorted. ¡°Celtigar pronounced it admirable. If I showed him the contents of my privy, he would declare that admirable as well. The others bobbed their heads up and down like a flock of geese, all but Velaryon, who said that steel would decide the matter, not words on parchment. As if I had never suspected. The Others take my lords, I¡¯ll hear your views.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Your words were blunt and strong.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°And true.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°And true. Yet you have no proof. Of this incest. No more than you did a year ago.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°There¡¯s proof of a sort at Storm¡¯s End. Robert¡¯s bastard. The one he fathered on my wedding night, in the very bed they¡¯d made up for me and my bride. Delena was a Florent, and a maiden when he took her, so Robert acknowledged the babe. Edric Storm, they call him. He is said to be the very image of my brother. If men were to see him, and then look again at Joffrey and Tommen, they could not help but wonder, I would think.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Yet how are men to see him, if he is at Storm¡¯s End?¡± 
¡¡¡¡Stannis drummed his fingers on the Painted Table. ¡°It is a difficulty. One of many.¡± He raised his eyes. ¡°You have more to say about the letter. Well, get on with it. I did not make you a knight so you could learn to mouth empty courtesies. I have my lords for that. Say what you would say, Davos.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Davos bowed his head. ¡°There was a phrase at the end. How did it go? Done in the Light of the Lord . . .¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Yes.¡± The king¡¯s jaw was clenched. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Your people will mislike those words.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°As you did?¡± said Stannis sharply. 
¡¡¡¡¡°If you were to say instead, Done in the sight of gods and men, or By the grace of the gods old and new . . .¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Have you gone devout on me, smuggler?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°That was to be my question for you, my liege.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Was it now? It sounds as though you love my new god no more than you love my new maester.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I do not know this Lord of Light,¡± Davos admitted, ¡°but I knew the gods we burned this morning. The Smith has kept my ships safe, while the Mother has given me seven strong sons.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Your wife has given you seven strong sons. Do you pray to her? It was wood we burned this morning.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°That may be so,¡± Davos said, ¡°but when I was a boy in Flea Bottom begging for a copper, sometimes the septons would feed me.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I feed you now.¡± 
