¡¡¡¡¡°You have given me an honored place at your table. And in return I give you truth. Your people will not love you if you take from them the gods they have always worshiped, and give them one whose very name sounds queer on their tongues.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Stannis stood abruptly. ¡°R¡¯hllor. Why is that so hard? They will not love me, you say? When have they ever loved me? How can I lose something I have never owned?¡± He moved to the south window to gaze out at the moonlit sea. ¡°I stopped believing in gods the day I saw the Windproud break up across the bay. Any gods so monstrous as to drown my mother and father would never have my worship, I vowed. In King¡¯s Landing, the High Septon would prattle at me of how all justice and goodness flowed from the Seven, but all I ever saw of either was made by men.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°If you do not believe in gods¡ª¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°¡ªwhy trouble with this new one?¡± Stannis broke in. ¡°I have asked myself as well. I know little and care less of gods, but the red priestess has power.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Yes, but what sort of power? ¡°Cressen had wisdom.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I trusted in his wisdom and your wiles, and what did they avail me, smuggler? The storm lords sent you packing. I went to them a beggar and they laughed at me. Well, there will be no more begging, and no more laughing either. The Iron Throne is mine by rights, but how am I to take it? There are four kings in the realm, and three of them have more men and more gold than I do. I have ships . . . and I have her. The red woman. Half my knights are afraid even to say her name, did you know? If she can do nothing else, a sorceress who can inspire such dread in grown men is not to be despised. A frightened man is a beaten man. And perhaps she can do more. I mean to find out. 
¡¡¡¡¡°When I was a lad I found an injured goshawk and nursed her back to health. Proudwing, I named her. She would perch on my shoulder and flutter from room to room after me and take food from my hand, but she would not soar. Time and again I would take her hawking, but she never flew higher than the treetops. Robert called her Weakwing. He owned a gyrfalcon named Thunderclap who never missed her strike. One day our great-uncle Ser Harbert told me to try a different bird. I was making a fool of myself with Proudwing, he said, and he was right.¡± Stannis Baratheon turned away from the window, and the ghosts who moved upon the southern sea. ¡°The Seven have never brought me so much as a sparrow. It is time I tried another hawk, Davos. A red hawk.¡± 
¡¡¡¡CHAPTER 11 
¡¡¡¡THEON 
¡¡¡¡There was no safe anchorage at Pyke, but Theon Greyjoy wished to look on his father¡¯s castle from the sea, to see it as he had seen it last, ten years before, when Robert Baratheon¡¯s war galley had borne him away to be a ward of Eddard Stark. On that day he had stood beside the rail, listening to the stroke of the oars and the pounding of the master¡¯s drum while he watched Pyke dwindle in the distance. Now he wanted to see it grow larger, to rise from the sea before him. 
¡¡¡¡Obedient to his wishes, the Myraham beat her way past the point with her sails snapping and her captain cursing the wind and his crew and the follies of highborn lordlings. Theon drew the hood of his cloak up against the spray, and looked for home. 
¡¡¡¡The shore was all sharp rocks and glowering cliffs, and the castle seemed one with the rest, its towers and walls and bridges quarried from the same grey-black stone, wet by the same salt waves, festooned with the same spreading patches of dark green lichen, speckled by the droppings of the same seabirds. The point of land on which the Greyjoys had raised their fortress had once thrust like a sword into the bowels of the ocean, but the waves had hammered at it day and night until the land broke and shattered, thousands of years past. All that remained were three bare and barren islands and a dozen towering stacks of rock that rose from the water like the pillars of some sea god¡¯s temple, while the angry waves foamed and crashed among them. 
¡¡¡¡Drear, dark, forbidding, Pyke stood atop those islands and pillars, almost a part of them, its curtain wall closing off the headland around the foot of the great stone bridge that leapt from the clifftop to the largest islet, dominated by the massive bulk of the Great Keep. Farther out were the Kitchen Keep and the Bloody Keep, each on its own island. Towers and outbuildings clung to the stacks beyond, linked to each other by covered archways when the pillars stood close, by long swaying walks of wood and rope when they did not. 
