¡¡¡¡¡°Ten, or close as makes no matter,¡± he told her. ¡°I was a boy of ten when I was taken to Winterfell, as a ward of Eddard Stark.¡± A ward in name, a hostage in truth. Half his days a hostage . . . but no longer. His life was his own again, and nowhere a Stark to be seen. He drew the captain¡¯s daughter close and kissed her on her ear. ¡°Take off your cloak.¡± 
¡¡¡¡She dropped her eyes, suddenly shy, but did as he bid her. When the heavy garment, sodden with spray, fell from her shoulders to the deck, she gave him a little bow and smiled anxiously. She looked rather stupid when she smiled, but he had never required a woman to be clever. ¡°Come here,¡± he told her. 
¡¡¡¡She did. ¡°I have never seen the Iron Islands.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Count yourself fortunate.¡± Theon stroked her hair. It was fine and dark, though the wind had made a tangle of it. ¡°The islands are stern and stony places, scant of comfort and bleak of prospect. Death is never far here, and life is mean and meager. Men spend their nights drinking ale and arguing over whose lot is worse, the fisherfolk who fight the sea or the farmers who try and scratch a crop from the poor thin soil. If truth be told, the miners have it worse than either, breaking their backs down in the dark, and for what? Iron, lead, tin, those are our treasures. Small wonder the ironmen of old turned to raiding.¡± 
¡¡¡¡The stupid girl did not seem to be listening. ¡°I could go ashore with you,¡± she said. ¡°I would, if it please you . . .¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°You could go ashore,¡± Theon agreed, squeezing her breast, ¡°but not with me, I fear.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I¡¯d work in your castle, milord. I can clean fish and bake bread and churn butter. Father says my peppercrab stew is the best he¡¯s ever tasted. You could find me a place in your kitchens and I could make you peppercrab stew.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°And warm my bed by night?¡± He reached for the laces of her bodice and began to undo them, his fingers deft and practiced. ¡°Once I might have carried you home as a prize, and kept you to wife whether you willed it or no. The ironmen of old did such things. A man had his rock wife, his true bride, ironborn like himself, but he had his salt wives too, women captured on raids.¡± 
¡¡¡¡The girl¡¯s eyes grew wide, and not because he had bared her breasts. ¡°I would be your salt wife, milord.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I fear those days are gone.¡± Theon¡¯s finger circled one heavy teat, spiraling in toward the fat brown nipple. ¡°No longer may we ride the wind with fire and sword, taking what we want. Now we scratch in the ground and toss lines in the sea like other men, and count ourselves lucky if we have salt cod and porridge enough to get us through a winter.¡± He took her nipple in his mouth, and bit it until she gasped. 
¡¡¡¡¡°You can put it in me again, if it please you,¡± she whispered in his ear as he sucked. 
¡¡¡¡When he raised his head from her breast, the skin was dark red where his mouth had marked her. ¡°It would please me to teach you something new. Unlace me and pleasure me with your mouth.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°With my mouth?¡± 
¡¡¡¡His thumb brushed lightly over her full lips. ¡°It¡¯s what those lips were made for, sweetling. If you were my salt wife, you¡¯d do as I command.¡± 
¡¡¡¡She was timid at first, but learned quickly for such a stupid girl, which pleased him. Her mouth was as wet and sweet as her cunt, and this way he did not have to listen to her mindless prattle. Once I would have kept her as a salt wife in truth, he thought to himself as he slid his fingers through her tangled hair. Once. When we still kept the Old Way, lived by the axe instead of the pick, taking what we would, be it wealth, women, or glory. In those days, the ironborn did not work mines; that was labor for the captives brought back from the hostings, and so too the sorry business of farming and tending goats and sheep. War was an ironman¡¯s proper trade. The Drowned God had made them to reave and rape, to carve out kingdoms and write their names in fire and blood and song. 
¡¡¡¡Aegon the Dragon had destroyed the Old Way when he burned Black Harren, gave Harren¡¯s kingdom back to the weakling rivermen, and reduced the Iron Islands to an insignificant backwater of a much greater realm. Yet the old red tales were still told around driftwood fires and smoky hearths all across the islands, even behind the high stone halls of Pyke. Theon¡¯s father numbered among his titles the style of Lord Reaper, and the Greyjoy words boasted that We Do Not Sow. 
