¡¡¡¡It had been to bring back the Old Way more than for the empty vanity of a crown that Lord Balon had staged his great rebellion. Robert Baratheon had written a bloody end to that hope, with the help of his friend Eddard Stark, but both men were dead now. Mere boys ruled in their stead, and the realm that Aegon the Conqueror had forged was smashed and sundered. This is the season, Theon thought as the captain¡¯s daughter slid her lips up and down the length of him, the season, the year, the day, and I am the man. He smiled crookedly, wondering what his father would say when Theon told him that he, the last-born, babe and hostage, he had succeeded where Lord Balon himself had failed. 
¡¡¡¡His climax came on him sudden as a storm, and he filled the girl¡¯s mouth with his seed. Startled, she tried to pull away, but Theon held her tight by the hair. Afterward, she crawled up beside him. ¡°Did I please milord?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Well enough,¡± he told her. 
¡¡¡¡¡°It tasted salty,¡± she murmured. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Like the sea?¡± 
¡¡¡¡She nodded. ¡°I have always loved the sea, milord.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°As I have,¡± he said, rolling her nipple idly between his fingers. It was true. The sea meant freedom to the men of the Iron Islands. He had forgotten that until the Myraham had raised sail at Seagard. The sounds brought old feelings back; the creak of wood and rope, the captain¡¯s shouted commands, the snap of the sails as the wind filled them, each as familiar as the beating of his own heart, and as comforting. I must remember this, Theon vowed to himself. I must never go far from the sea again. ¡°Take me with you, milord,¡± the captain¡¯s daughter begged. ¡°I don¡¯t need to go to your castle. I can stay in some town, and be your salt wife.¡± She reached out to stroke his cheek. 
¡¡¡¡Theon Greyjoy pushed her hand aside and climbed off the bunk. ¡°My place is Pyke, and yours is on this ship.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I can¡¯t stay here now.¡± 
¡¡¡¡He laced up his breeches. ¡°Why not?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°My father,¡± she told him. ¡°Once you¡¯re gone, he¡¯ll punish me, milord. He¡¯ll call me names and hit me.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Theon swept his cloak off its peg and over his shoulders. ¡°Fathers are like that,¡± he admitted as he pinned the folds with a silver clasp. ¡°Tell him he should be pleased. As many times as I¡¯ve fucked you, you¡¯re likely with child. It¡¯s not every man who has the honor of raising a king¡¯s bastard.¡± She looked at him stupidly, so he left her there. 
¡¡¡¡The Myraham was rounding a wooded point. Below the pine-clad bluffs, a dozen fishing boats were pulling in their nets. The big cog stayed well out from them, tacking. Theon moved to the bow for a better view. He saw the castle first, the stronghold of the Botleys. When he was a boy it had been timber and wattle, but Robert Baratheon had razed that structure to the ground. Lord Sawane had rebuilt in stone, for now a small square keep crowned the hill. Pale green flags drooped from the squat corner towers, each emblazoned with a shoal of silvery fish. 
¡¡¡¡Beneath the dubious protection of the fish-ridden little castle lay the village of Lordsport, its harbor aswarm with ships. When last he¡¯d seen Lordsport, it had been a smoking wasteland, the skeletons of burnt longships and smashed galleys littering the stony shore like the bones of dead leviathans, the houses no more than broken walls and cold ashes. After ten years, few traces of the war remained. The smallfolk had built new hovels with the stones of the old, and cut fresh sod for their roofs. A new inn had risen beside the landing, twice the size of the old one, with a lower story of cut stone and two upper stories of timber. The sept beyond had never been rebuilt, though; only a seven-sided foundation remained where it had stood. Robert Baratheon¡¯s fury had soured the ironmen¡¯s taste for the new gods, it would seem. 
¡¡¡¡Theon was more interested in ships than gods. Among the masts of countless fishing boats, he spied a Tyroshi trading galley off-loading beside a lumbering Ibbenese cog with her black-tarred hull. A great number of longships, fifty or sixty at the least, stood out to sea or lay beached on the pebbled shore to the north. Some of the sails bore devices from the other islands; the blood moon of Wynch, Lord Goodbrother¡¯s banded black warhorn Harlaw¡¯s silver scythe. Theon searched for his uncle Euron¡¯s Silence. Of that lean and terrible red ship he saw no sign, but his father¡¯s Great Kraken was there, her bow ornamented with a grey iron ram in the shape of its namesake. 
¡¡¡¡Had Lord Balon anticipated him and called the Greyjoy banners? His hand went inside his cloak again, to the oilskin pouch. No one knew of his letter but Robb Stark; they were no fools, to entrust their secrets to a bird. Still, Lord Balon was no fool either. He might well have guessed why his son was coming home at long last, and acted accordingly. 
