¡¡¡¡¡°Very beautiful.¡± Ser Jorah lifted his eyes from her shoulder to her face. ¡°The first time I beheld her, I thought she was a goddess come to earth, the Maid herself made flesh. Her birth was far above my own. She was the youngest daughter of Lord Leyton Hightower of Oldtown. The White Bull who commanded your father¡¯s Kingsguard was her great uncle. The Hightowers are an ancient family, very rich and very proud.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°And loyal,¡± Dany said. ¡°I remember, Viserys said the Hightowers were among those who stayed true to my father.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°That¡¯s so,¡± he admitted. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Did your fathers make the match?¡± ¡°No,¡± he said. ¡°Our marriage . . . that makes a long tale and a dull one, Your Grace. I would not trouble you with it.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I have nowhere to go,¡± she said. ¡°Please.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°As my queen commands.¡± Ser Jorah frowned. ¡°My home . . . you must understand that to understand the rest. Bear island is beautiful, but remote. Imagine old gnarled oaks and tall pines, flowering thornbushes, grey stones bearded with moss, little creeks running icy down steep hillsides. The hall of the Mormonts is built of huge logs and surrounded by an earthen palisade. Aside from a few crofters, my people live along the coasts and fish the seas. The island lies far to the north, and our winters are more terrible than you can imagine, Khaleesi. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Still, the island suited me well enough, and I never lacked for women. I had my share of fishwives and crofter¡¯s daughters, before and after I was wed. I married young, to a bride of my father¡¯s choosing, a Glover of Deepwood Motte. Ten years we were wed, or near enough as makes no matter. She was a plain-faced woman, but not unkind. I suppose I came to love her after a fashion, though our relations were dutiful rather than passionate. Three times she miscarried while trying to give me an heir. The last time she never recovered. She died not long after.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Dany put her hand on his and gave his fingers a squeeze. ¡°I am sorry for you, truly.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Ser Jorah nodded. ¡°By then my father had taken the black, so I was Lord of Bear Island in my own right. I had no lack of marriage offers, but before I could reach a decision Lord Balon Greyjoy rose in rebellion against the Usurper, and Ned Stark called his banners to help his friend Robert. The final battle was on Pyke. When Robert¡¯s stonethrowers opened a breach in King Balon¡¯s wall, a priest from Myr was the first man through, but I was not far behind. For that I won my knighthood. 
¡¡¡¡¡°To celebrate his victory, Robert ordained that a tourney should be held outside Lannisport. It was there I saw Lynesse, a maid half my age. She had come up from Oldtown with her father to see her brothers joust. I could not take my eyes off her. In a fit of madness, I begged her favor to wear in the tourney, never dreaming she would grant my request, yet she did. 
¡¡¡¡¡°I fight as well as any man, Khaleesi, but I have never been a tourney knight. Yet with Lynesse¡¯s favor knotted round my arm, I was a different man. I won joust after joust. Lord Jason Mallister fell before me, and Bronze Yohn Royce. Ser Ryman Frey, his brother Ser Hosteen, Lord Whent, Strongboar, even Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard, I unhorsed them all. In the last match, I broke nine lances against Jaime Lannister to no result, and King Robert gave me the champion¡¯s laurel. I crowned Lynesse queen of love and beauty, and that very night went to her father and asked for her hand. I was drunk, as much on glory as on wine. By rights I should have gotten a contemptuous refusal, but Lord Leyton accepted my offer. We were married there in Lannisport, and for a fortnight I was the happiest man in the wide world.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Only a fortnight?¡± asked Dany. Even I was given more happiness than that, with Drogo who was my sun-and-stars. 
¡¡¡¡¡°A fortnight was how long it took us to sail from Lannisport back to Bear island. My home was a great disappointment to Lynesse. It was too cold, too damp, too far away, my castle no more than a wooden longhall. We had no masques, no mummer shows, no balls or fairs. Seasons might pass without a singer ever coming to play for us, and there¡¯s not a goldsmith on the island. Even meals became a trial. My cook knew little beyond his roasts and stews, and Lynesse soon lost her taste for fish and venison. 
