¡¡¡¡The holdfast gates were studded with iron nails. Within, they found a pair of iron bars the size of saplings, with post holes in the ground and metal brackets on the gate. When they slotted the bars through the brackets, they made a huge X brace. It was no Red Keep, Yoren announced when they¡¯d explored the holdfast top to bottom, but it was better than most, and should do for a night well enough. The walls were rough unmortared stone ten feet high, with a wooden catwalk inside the battlements. There was a postern gate to the north, and Gerren discovered a trap under the straw in the old wooden barn, leading to a narrow, winding tunnel. He followed it a long way under the earth and came out by the lake. Yoren had them roll a wagon on top of the trap, to make certain no one came in that way. He divided them into three watches, and sent Tarber, Kurz, and Cutjack off to the abandoned towerhouse to keep an eye out from on high. Kurz had a hunting horn to sound if danger threatened. 
¡¡¡¡They drove their wagons and animals inside and barred the gates behind them. The barn was a ramshackle thing, large enough to hold half the animals in the town. The haven, where the townfolk would shelter in times of trouble, was even larger, low and long and built of stone, with a thatched roof. Koss went out the postern gate and brought the goose back, and two chickens as well, and Yoren allowed a cookfire. There was a big kitchen inside the holdfast, though all the pots and kettles had been taken. Gendry, Dobber, and Arya drew cook duty. Dobber told Arya to pluck the fowl while Gendry split wood. ¡°Why can¡¯t I split the wood?¡± she asked, but no one listened. Sullenly, she set to plucking a chicken while Yoren sat on the end of the bench sharpening the edge of his dirk with a whetstone. 
¡¡¡¡When the food was ready, Arya ate a chicken leg and a bit of onion. No one talked much, not even Lommy. Gendry went off by himself afterward, polishing his helm with a look on his face like he wasn¡¯t even there. The crying girl whimpered and wept, but when Hot Pie offered her a bit of goose she gobbled it down and looked for more. 
¡¡¡¡Arya drew second watch, so she found a straw pallet in the haven. Sleep did not come easy, so she borrowed Yoren¡¯s stone and set to honing Needle. Syrio Forel had said that a dull blade was like a lame horse. Hot Pie squatted on the pallet beside her, watching her work. ¡°Where¡¯d you get a good sword like that?¡± he asked. When he saw the look she gave him, he raised his hands defensively. ¡°I never said you stole it, I just wanted to know where you got it, is all.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°My brother gave it to me,¡± she muttered. 
¡¡¡¡¡°I never knew you had no brother.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Arya paused to scratch under her shirt. There were fleas in the straw, though she couldn¡¯t see why a few more would bother her. ¡°I have lots of brothers.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°You do? Are they bigger than you, or littler?¡± 
¡¡¡¡I shouldn¡¯t be talking like this. Yoren said I should keep my mouth shut. ¡°Bigger,¡± she lied. ¡°They have swords too, big longswords, and they showed me how to kill people who bother me.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I was talking, not bothering.¡± Hot Pie went off and let her alone and Arya curled up on her pallet. She could hear the crying girl from the far side of the haven. I wish she¡¯d just be quiet. Why does she have to cry all the time? 
¡¡¡¡She must have slept, though she never remembered closing her eyes. She dreamed a wolf was howling, and the sound was so terrible that it woke her at once. Arya sat up on her pallet with her heart thumping. ¡°Hot Pie, wake up.¡± She scrambled to her feet. ¡°Woth, Gendry, didn¡¯t you hear?¡± She pulled on a boot. 
¡¡¡¡All around her, men and boys stirred and crawled from their pallets. ¡°What¡¯s wrong?¡± Hot Pie asked. ¡°Hear what?¡± Gendry wanted to know. ¡°Arry had a bad dream,¡± someone else said. 
¡¡¡¡¡°No, I heard it,¡± she insisted. ¡°A wolf.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Arry has wolves in his head,¡± sneered Lommy. ¡°Let them howl,¡± Gerren said, ¡°they¡¯re out there, we¡¯re in here.¡± Woth agreed. ¡°Never saw no wolf could storm a holdfast.¡± Hot Pie was saying, ¡°I never heard nothing.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°It was a wolf,¡± she shouted at them as she yanked on her second boot. ¡°Something¡¯s wrong, someone¡¯s coming, get up!¡± 
¡¡¡¡Before they could hoot her down again, the sound came shuddering through the night¡ªonly it was no wolf this time, it was Kurz blowing his hunting horn, sounding danger. In a heartbeat, all of them were pulling on clothes and snatching for whatever weapons they owned. Arya ran for the gate as the horn sounded again. As she dashed past the barn, Biter threw himself furiously against his chains, and Jaqen Hghar called out from the back of their wagon. ¡°Boy! Sweet boy! Is it war, red war? Boy, free us. A man can fight. Boy!¡± She ignored him and plunged on. By then she could hear horses and shouts beyond the wall. 
