¡¡¡¡The sight of Bran in his basket drew stares from those who had not seen it before, but he had learned to ignore stares. At least he had a good view; on Hodor¡¯s back, he towered over everyone. The Walders were mounting up, he saw. They¡¯d brought fine armor up from the Twins, shining silver plate with enameled blue chasings. Big Walder¡¯s crest was shaped like a castle, while Little Walder favored streamers of blue and grey silk. Their shields and surcoats also set them apart from each other. Little Walder quartered the twin towers of Frey with the brindled boar of his grandmother¡¯s House and the plowman of his mother¡¯s: Crakehall and Darry, respectively. Big Walder¡¯s quarterings were the tree-and-ravens of House Blackwood and the twining snakes of the Paeges. They must be hungry for honor, Bran thought as he watched them take up their lances. A Stark needs only the direwolf. 
¡¡¡¡Their dappled grey coursers were swift, strong, and beautifully trained. Side by side they charged the quintains. Both hit the shields cleanly and were well past before the padded butts came spinning around. Little Walder struck the harder blow, but Bran thought Big Walder sat his horse better. He would have given both his useless legs for the chance to ride against either. 
¡¡¡¡Little Walder cast his splintered lance aside, spied Bran, and reined up. ¡°Now there¡¯s an ugly horse,¡± he said of Hodor. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Hodor¡¯s no horse,¡± Bran said. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Hodor,¡± said Hodor. 
¡¡¡¡Big Walder trotted up to join his cousin. ¡°Well, he¡¯s not as smart as a horse, that¡¯s for certain.¡± A few of the White Harbor lads poked each other and laughed. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Hodor.¡± Beaming genially, Hodor looked from one Frey to the other, oblivious to their taunting. ¡°Hodor hodor?¡± 
¡¡¡¡Little Walder¡¯s mount whickered. ¡°See, they¡¯re talking to each other. Maybe hodor means ¡®I love you¡¯ in horse.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°You shut up, Frey.¡± Bran could feel his color rising. 
¡¡¡¡Little Walder spurred his horse closer, giving Hodor a bump that pushed him backward. ¡°What will you do if I don¡¯t?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°He¡¯ll set his wolf on you, cousin,¡± warned Big Walder. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Let him. I always wanted a wolfskin cloak.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Summer would tear your fat head off,¡± Bran said. 
¡¡¡¡Little Walder banged a mailed fist against his breastplate. ¡°Does your wolf have steel teeth, to bite through plate and mail?¡± ¡°Enough!¡± Maester Luwin¡¯s voice cracked through the clangor of the yard as loud as a thunderclap. How much he had overheard, Bran could not say . . . but it was enough to anger him, clearly. ¡°These threats are unseemly, and I¡¯ll hear no more of them. Is this how you behave at the Twins, Walder Frey?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°If I want to.¡± Atop his courser, Little Walder gave Luwin a sullen glare, as if to say, You are only a maester, who are you to reproach a Frey of the Crossing? 
¡¡¡¡¡°Well, it is not how Lady Stark¡¯s wards ought behave at Winterfell. What¡¯s at the root of this?¡± The maester looked at each boy in turn. ¡°One of you will tell me, I swear, or¡ª¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°We were having a jape with Hodor,¡± confessed Big Walder. ¡°I am sorry if we offended Prince Bran. We only meant to be amusing.¡± He at least had the grace to look abashed. 
¡¡¡¡Little Walder only looked peevish. ¡°And me,¡± he said. ¡°I was only being amusing too.¡± 
¡¡¡¡The bald spot atop the maester¡¯s head had turned red, Bran could see; if anything, Luwin was more angry than before. ¡°A good lord comforts and protects the weak and helpless,¡± he told the Freys. ¡°I will not have you making Hodor the butt of cruel jests, do you hear me? He¡¯s a goodhearted lad, dutiful and obedient, which is more than I can say for either of you.¡± The maester wagged a finger at Little Walder. ¡°And you will stay out of the godswood and away from those wolves, or answer for it.¡± Sleeves flapping, he turned on his heels, stalked off a few paces, and glanced back. ¡°Bran. Come. Lord Wyman awaits.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Hodor, go with the maester,¡± Bran commanded. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Hodor,¡± said Hodor. His long strides caught up with the maester¡¯s furiously pumping legs on the steps of the Great Keep. Maester Luwin held the door open, and Bran hugged Hodor¡¯s neck and ducked as they went through. 
¡¡¡¡¡°The Walders¡ª¡± he began. 
¡¡¡¡¡°I¡¯ll hear no more of that, it¡¯s done.¡± Maester Luwin looked worn-out and frayed. ¡°You were right to defend Hodor, but you should never have been there. Ser Rodrik and Lord Wyman have broken their fast already while they waited for you. Must I come myself to fetch you, as if you were a little child?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°No,¡± Bran said, ashamed. ¡°I¡¯m sorry. I only wanted . . .¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I know what you wanted,¡± Maester Luwin said, more gently. ¡°Would that it could be, Bran. Do you have any questions before we begin this audience?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Will we talk of the war?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°You will talk of naught.¡± The sharpness was back in Luwin¡¯s voice. ¡°You are still a child of eight . . .¡± 
