¡¡¡¡Arya slammed his chest with both hands. He tripped over a stone and sat down with a thump. ¡°What kind of lord¡¯s daughter are you?¡± he said, laughing. 
¡¡¡¡¡°This kind.¡± She kicked him in the side, but it only made him laugh harder. ¡°You laugh all you like. I¡¯m going to see who¡¯s in the village.¡± The sun had already fallen below the trees; dusk would be on them in no time at all. For once it was Gendry who had to hurry after. ¡°You smell that?¡± she asked. 
¡¡¡¡He sniffed the air. ¡°Rotten fish?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°You know it¡¯s not.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°We better be careful. I¡¯ll go around west, see if there¡¯s some road. There must be if you saw a wagon. You take the shore. If you need help, bark like a dog.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°That¡¯s stupid. If I need help, I¡¯ll shout help.¡± She darted away, bare feet silent in the grass. When she glanced back over her shoulder, he was watching her with that pained look on his face that meant he was thinking. He¡¯s probably thinking that he shouldn¡¯t be letting m¡¯lady go stealing food. Arya just knew he was going to be stupid now. 
¡¡¡¡The smell grew stronger as she got closer to the village. It did not smell like rotten fish to her. This stench was ranker, fouler. She wrinkled her nose. 
¡¡¡¡Where the trees began to thin, she used the undergrowth, slipping from bush to bush quiet as a shadow. Every few yards she stopped to listen. The third time, she heard horses, and a man¡¯s voice as well. And the smell got worse. Dead man¡¯s stink, that¡¯s what it is. She had smelled it before, with Yoren and the others. 
¡¡¡¡A dense thicket of brambles grew south of the village. By the time she reached it, the long shadows of sunset had begun to fade, and the lantern bugs were coming out. She could see thatched roofs just beyond the hedge. She crept along until she found a gap and squirmed through on her belly, keeping well hidden until she saw what made the smell. 
¡¡¡¡Beside the gently lapping waters of Gods Eye, a long gibbet of raw green wood had been thrown up, and things that had once been men dangled there, their feet in chains, while crows pecked at their flesh and flapped from corpse to corpse. For every crow there were a hundred flies. When the wind blew off the lake, the nearest corpse twisted on its chain, ever so slightly. The crows had eaten most of its face, and something else had been at it as well, something much larger. Throat and chest had been torn apart, and glistening green entrails and ribbons of ragged flesh dangled from where the belly had been opened. One arm had been ripped right off the shoulder; Arya saw the bones a few feet away, gnawed and cracked, picked clean of meat. 
¡¡¡¡She made herself look at the next man and the one beyond him and the one beyond him, telling herself she was hard as a stone. Corpses all, so savaged and decayed that it took her a moment to realize they had been stripped before they were hanged. They did not look like naked people; they hardly looked like people at all. The crows had eaten their eyes, and sometimes their faces. Of the sixth in the long row, nothing remained but a single leg, still tangled in its chains, swaying with each breeze. 
¡¡¡¡Fear cuts deeper than swords. Dead men could not hurt her, but whoever had killed them could. Well beyond the gibbet, two men in mail hauberks stood leaning on their spears in front of the long low building by the water, the one with the slate roof. A pair of tall poles had been driven into the muddy ground in front of it, banners drooping from each staff. One looked red and one paler, white or yellow maybe, but both were limp and with the dusk settling, she could not even be certain that red one was Lannister crimson. I don¡¯t need to see the lion, I can see all the dead people, who else would it be but Lannisters? 
¡¡¡¡Then there was a shout. 
¡¡¡¡The two spearmen turned at the cry, and a third man came into view, shoving a captive before him. It was growing too dark to make out faces, but the prisoner was wearing a shiny steel helm, and when Arya saw the horns she knew it was Gendry. You stupid stupid stupid STUPID! she thought. If he¡¯d been here she would have kicked him again. 
¡¡¡¡The guards were talking loudly, but she was too far away to make out the words, especially with the crows gabbling and flapping closer to hand. One of the spearmen snatched the helm off Gendry¡¯s head and asked him a question, but he must not have liked the answer, because he smashed him across the face with the butt of his spear and knocked him down. The one who¡¯d captured him gave him a kick, while the second spearman was trying on the bull¡¯s-head helm. Finally they pulled him to his feet and marched him off toward the storehouse. When they opened the heavy wooden doors, a small boy darted out, but one of the guards grabbed his arm and flung him back inside. Arya heard sobbing from inside the building, and then a shriek so loud and full of pain that it made her bite her lip. 
