¡¡¡¡She wriggled under the briar first and waited for him on the far side, crouched low. Hot Pie emerged pale and panting, face and arms bloody with long scratches. He started to say something, but Arya put a finger to his lips. On hands and knees, they crawled along the gibbet, beneath the swaying dead. Hot Pie never once looked up, nor made a sound. 
¡¡¡¡Until the crow landed on his back, and he gave a muffled gasp. ¡°Who¡¯s there?¡± a voice boomed suddenly from the dark. 
¡¡¡¡Hot Pie leapt to his feet. ¡°I yield!¡± He threw away his sword as dozens of crows rose shrieking and complaining to flap about the corpses. Arya grabbed his leg and tried to drag him back down, but he wrenched loose and ran forward, waving his arms. ¡°I yield, I yield.¡± 
¡¡¡¡She bounced up and drew Needle, but by then men were all around her. Arya slashed at the nearest, but he blocked her with a steel-clad arm, and someone else slammed into her and dragged her to the ground, and a third man wrenched the sword from her grasp. When she tried to bite, her teeth snapped shut on cold dirty chainmail. ¡°Oho, a fierce one,¡± the man said, laughing. The blow from his iron-clad fist near knocked her head off. 
¡¡¡¡They talked over her as she lay hurting, but Arya could not seem to understand the words. Her ears rang. When she tried to crawl off, the earth moved beneath her. They took Needle. The shame of that hurt worse than the pain, and the pain hurt a lot. Jon had given her that sword. Syrio had taught her to use it. 
¡¡¡¡Finally someone grabbed the front of her jerkin, yanked her to her knees. Hot Pie was kneeling too, before the tallest man Arya had ever seen, a monster from one of Old Nan¡¯s stories. She never saw where the giant had come from. Three black dogs raced across his faded yellow surcoat, and his face looked as hard as if it had been cut from stone. Suddenly Arya knew where she had seen those dogs before. The night of the tourney at King¡¯s Landing, all the knights had hung their shields outside their pavilions. ¡°That one belongs to the Hound¡¯s brother,¡± Sansa had confided when they passed the black dogs on the yellow field. ¡°He¡¯s even bigger than Hodor, you¡¯ll see. They call him the Mountain That Rides.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Arya let her head droop, only half aware of what was going on around her. Hot Pie was yielding some more. The Mountain said, ¡°You¡¯ll lead us to these others,¡± and walked off. Next she was stumbling past the dead men on their gibbet, while Hot Pie told their captors he¡¯d bake them pies and tarts if they didn¡¯t hurt him. Four men went with them. One carried a torch, one a longsword; two had spears. 
¡¡¡¡They found Lommy where they¡¯d left him, under the oak. ¡°I yield,¡± he called out at once when he saw them. He¡¯d flung away his own spear and raised his hands, splotchy green with old dye. ¡°I yield. Please.¡± 
¡¡¡¡The man with the torch searched around under the trees. ¡°Are you the last? Baker boy said there was a girl.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°She ran off when she heard you coming,¡± Lommy said. ¡°You made a lot of noise.¡± And Arya thought, Run, Weasel, run as far as you can, run and hide and never come back. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Tell us where we can find that whoreson Dondarrion, and there¡¯ll be a hot meal in it for you.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Who?¡± said Lommy blankly. 
¡¡¡¡¡°I told you, this lot don¡¯t know no more than those cunts in the village. Waste o¡¯bloody time.¡± 
¡¡¡¡One of the spearmen drifted over to Lommy. ¡°Something wrong with your leg, boy?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°It got hurt.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Can you walk?¡± He sounded concerned. 
¡¡¡¡¡°No,¡± said Lommy. ¡°You got to carry me.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Think so?¡± The man lifted his spear casually and drove the point through the boy¡¯s soft throat. Lommy never even had time to yield again. He jerked once, and that was all. When the man pulled his spear loose, blood sprayed out in a dark fountain. ¡°Carry him, he says,¡± he muttered, chuckling. 
¡¡¡¡CHAPTER 20 
¡¡¡¡TYRION 
¡¡¡¡They had warned him to dress warmly. Tyrion Lannister took them at their word. He was garbed in heavy quilted breeches and a woolen doublet, and over it all he had thrown the shadowskin cloak he had acquired in the Mountains of the Moon. The cloak was absurdly long, made for a man twice his height. When he was not ahorse, the only way to wear the thing was to wrap it around him several times, which made him look like a ball of striped fur. 
¡¡¡¡Even so, he was glad he had listened. The chill in the long dank vault went bone deep. Timett had chosen to retreat back up to the cellar after a brief taste of the cold below. They were somewhere under the hill of Rhaenys, behind the Guildhall of the Alchemists. The damp stone walls were splotchy with nitre, and the only light came from the sealed iron-and-glass oil lamp that Hallyne the Pyromancer carried so gingerly. 
