¡¡¡¡Gingerly indeed . . . and these would be the ginger jars. Tyrion lifted one for inspection. It was round and ruddy, a fat clay grapefruit. A little big for his hand, but it would fit comfortably in the grip of a normal man, he knew. The pottery was thin, so fragile that even he had been warned not to squeeze too tightly, lest he crush it in his fist. The clay felt roughened, pebbled. Hallyne told him that was intentional. ¡°A smooth pot is more apt to slip from a man¡¯s grasp.¡± The wildfire oozed slowly toward the lip of the jar when Tyrion tilted it to peer inside. The color would be a murky green, he knew, but the poor light made that impossible to confirm. ¡°Thick,¡± he observed. 
¡¡¡¡¡°That is from the cold, my lord,¡± said Hallyne, a pallid man with soft damp hands and an obsequious manner. He was dressed in striped black-and-scarlet robes trimmed with sable, but the fur looked more than a little patchy and moth-eaten. ¡°As it warms, the substance will flow more easily, like lamp oil.¡± 
¡¡¡¡The substance was the pyromancers¡¯ own term for wildfire. They called each other wisdom as well, which Tyrion found almost as annoying as their custom of hinting at the vast secret stores of knowledge that they wanted him to think they possessed. Once theirs had been a powerful guild, but in recent centuries the maesters of the Citadel had supplanted the alchemists almost everywhere. Now only a few of the older order remained, and they no longer even pretended to transmute metals . . . 
¡¡¡¡. . . but they could make wildfire. ¡°Water will not quench it, I am told.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°That is so. Once it takes fire, the substance will burn fiercely until it is no more. More, it will seep into cloth, wood, leather, even steel, so they take fire as well.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Tyrion remembered the red priest Thoros of Myr and his flaming sword. Even a thin coating of wildfire could burn for an hour. Thoros always needed a new sword after a melee, but Robert had been fond of the man and ever glad to provide one. ¡°Why doesn¡¯t it seep into the clay as well?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Oh, but it does,¡± said Hallyne. ¡°There is a vault below this one where we store the older pots. Those from King Aerys¡¯s day. It was his fancy to have the jars made in the shapes of fruits. Very perilous fruits indeed, my lord Hand, and, hmmm, riper now than ever, if you take my meaning. We have sealed them with wax and pumped the lower vault full of water, but even so . . . by rights they ought to have been destroyed, but so many of our masters were murdered during the Sack of King¡¯s Landing, the few acolytes who remained were unequal to the task. And much of the stock we made for Aerys was lost. Only last year, two hundred jars were discovered in a storeroom beneath the Great Sept of Baelor. No one could recall how they came there, but I¡¯m sure I do not need to tell you that the High Septon was beside himself with terror. I myself saw that they were safely moved. I had a cart filled with sand, and sent our most able acolytes. We worked only by night, we¡ª¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°¡ªdid a splendid job, I have no doubt.¡± Tyrion placed the jar he¡¯d been holding back among its fellows. They covered the table, standing in orderly rows of four and marching away into the subterranean dimness. And there were other tables beyond, many other tables. ¡°These, ah, fruits of the late King Aerys, can they still be used?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Oh, yes, most certainly . . . but carefully, my lord, ever so carefully. As it ages, the substance grows ever more, hmmmm, fickle, let us say. Any flame will set it afire. Any spark. Too much heat and jars will blaze up of their own accord. It is not wise to let them sit in sunlight, even for a short time. Once the fire begins within, the heat causes the substance to expand violently, and the jars shortly fly to pieces. If other jars should happen to be stored in the same vicinity, those go up as well, and so¡ª¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°How many jars do you have at present?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°This morning the Wisdom Munciter told me that we had seven thousand eight hundred and forty. That count includes four thousand jars from King Aerys¡¯s day, to be sure.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Our overripe fruits?¡± 
¡¡¡¡Hallyne bobbed his head. ¡°Wisdom Malliard believes we shall be able to provide a full ten thousand jars, as was promised the queen. I concur.¡± The pyromancer looked indecently pleased with that prospect. 
¡¡¡¡Assuming our enemies give you the time. The pyromancers kept their recipe for wildfire a closely guarded secret, but Tyrion knew that it was a lengthy, dangerous, and time-consuming process. He had assumed the promise of ten thousand jars was a wild boast, like that of the bannerman who vows to marshal ten thousand swords for his lord and shows up on the day of battle with a hundred and two. If they can truly give us ten thousand . . . 
