¡¡¡¡¡°I cannot sit at Riverrun waiting for peace. It makes me look as if I were afraid to take the field again. When there are no battles to fight, men start to think of hearth and harvest, Father told me that. Even my northmen grow restless.¡± 
¡¡¡¡My northmen, she thought. He is even starting to talk like a king. ¡°No one has ever died of restlessness, but rashness is another matter. We¡¯ve planted seeds, let them grow.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Robb shook his head stubbornly. ¡°We¡¯ve tossed some seeds in the wind, that¡¯s all. If your sister Lysa was coming to aid us, we would have heard by now. How many birds have we sent to the Eyrie, four? I want peace too, but why should the Lannisters give me anything if all I do is sit here while my army melts away around me swift as summer snow?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°So rather than look craven, you will dance to Lord Tywin¡¯s pipes?¡± she threw back. ¡°He wants you to march on Harrenhal, ask your uncle Brynden if¡ª¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I said nothing of Harrenhal,¡± Robb said. ¡°Now, will you go to Renly for me, or must I send the Greatjon?¡± 
¡¡¡¡The memory brought a wan smile to her face. Such an obvious ploy, that, yet deft for a boy of fifteen. Robb knew how ill-suited a man like Greatjon Umber would be to treat with a man like Renly Baratheon, and he knew that she knew it as well. What could she do but accede, praying that her father would live until her return? Had Lord Hoster been well, he would have gone himself, she knew. Still, that leavetaking was hard, hard. He did not even know her when she came to say farewell. ¡°Minisa,¡± he called her, ¡°where are the children? My little Cat, my sweet Lysa . . .¡± Catelyn had kissed him on the brow and told him his babes were well. ¡°Wait for me, my lord,¡± she said as his eyes closed. ¡°I waited for you, oh, so many times. Now you must wait for me.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Fate drives me south and south again, Catelyn thought as she sipped the astringent tea, when it is north I should be going, north to home. She had written to Bran and Rickon, that last night at Riverrun. I do not forget you, my sweet ones, you must believe that. It is only that your brother needs me more. 
¡¡¡¡¡°We ought to reach the upper Mander today, my lady,¡± Ser Wendel announced while Shadd spooned out the porridge. ¡°Lord Renly will not be far, if the talk be true.¡± 
¡¡¡¡And what do I tell him when I find him? That my son holds him no true king? She did not relish this meeting. They needed friends, not more enemies, yet Robb would never bend the knee in homage to a man he felt had no claim to the throne. 
¡¡¡¡Her bowl was empty, though she could scarce remember tasting the porridge. She laid it aside. ¡°It is time we were away.¡± The sooner she spoke to Renly, the sooner she could turn for home. She was the first one mounted, and she set the pace for the column. Hal Mollen rode beside her, bearing the banner of House Stark, the grey direwolf on an ice-white field. 
¡¡¡¡They were still a half day¡¯s ride from Renly¡¯s camp when they were taken. Robin Flint had ranged ahead to scout, and he came galloping back with word of a far-eyes watching from the roof of a distant windmill. By the time Catelyn¡¯s party reached the mill, the man was long gone. They pressed on, covering not quite a mile before Renly¡¯s outriders came swooping down on them, twenty men mailed and mounted, led by a grizzled greybeard of a knight with bluejays on his surcoat. 
¡¡¡¡When he saw her banners, he trotted up to her alone. ¡°My lady,¡± he called, ¡°I am Ser Colen of Greenpools, as it please you. These are dangerous lands you cross.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Our business is urgent,¡± she answered him. ¡°I come as envoy from my son, Robb Stark, the King in the North, to treat with Renly Baratheon, the King in the South.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°King Renly is the crowned and anointed lord of all the Seven Kingdoms, my lady,¡± Ser Colen answered, though courteously enough. ¡°His Grace is encamped with his host near Bitterbridge, where the roseroad crosses the Mander. It shall be my great honor to escort you to him.¡± The knight raised a mailed hand, and his men formed a double column flanking Catelyn and her guard. Escort or captor? she wondered. There was nothing to be done but trust in Ser Colen¡¯s honor, and Lord Renly¡¯s. 
¡¡¡¡They saw the smoke of the camp¡¯s fires when they were still an hour from the river. Then the sound came drifting across farm and field and rolling plain, indistinct as the murmur of some distant sea, but swelling as they rode closer. By the time they caught sight of the Mander¡¯s muddy waters glinting in the sun, they could make out the voices of men, the clatter of steel, the whinny of horses. Yet neither sound nor smoke prepared them for the host itself. 
