¡¡¡¡He had never thought to find a stone castle on the far side of the Wall, but he had pictured some sort of motte-and-bailey with a wooden palisade and a timber tower keep. What they found instead was a midden heap, a pigsty, an empty sheepfold, and a windowless daub-and-wattle hall scarce worthy of the name. It was long and low, chinked together from logs and roofed with sod. The compound stood atop a rise too modest to name a hill, surrounded by an earthen dike. Brown rivulets flowed down the slope where the rain had eaten gaping holes in the defenses, to join a rushing brook that curved around to the north, its thick waters turned into a murky torrent by the rains. 
¡¡¡¡On the southwest, he found an open gate flanked by a pair of animal skulls on high poles: a bear to one side, a ram to the other. Bits of flesh still clung to the bear skull, Jon noted as he joined the line riding past. Within, Jarmen Buckwell¡¯s scouts and men from Thoren Smallwood¡¯s van were setting up horse lines and struggling to raise tents. A host of piglets rooted about three huge sows in the sty. Nearby, a small girl pulled carrots from a garden, naked in the rain, while two women tied a pig for slaughter. The animal¡¯s squeals were high and horrible, almost human in their distress. Chett¡¯s hounds barked wildly in answer, snarling and snapping despite his curses, with a pair of Craster¡¯s dogs barking back. When they saw Ghost, some of the dogs broke off and ran, while others began to bay and growl. The direwolf ignored them, as did Jon. 
¡¡¡¡Well, thirty of us will be warm and dry, Jon thought once he¡¯d gotten a good look at the hall. Perhaps as many as fifty. The place was much too small to sleep two hundred men, so most would need to remain outside. And where to put them? The rain had turned half the compound yard to ankle-deep puddles and the rest to sucking mud. Another dismal night was in prospect. 
¡¡¡¡The Lord Commander had entrusted his mount to Dolorous Edd. He was cleaning mud out of the horse¡¯s hooves as Jon dismounted. ¡°Lord Mormont¡¯s in the hall,¡± he announced. ¡°He said for you to join him. Best leave the wolf outside, he looks hungry enough to eat one of Craster¡¯s children. Well, truth be told, I¡¯m hungry enough to eat one of Craster¡¯s children, so long as he was served hot. Go on, I¡¯ll see to your horse. If it¡¯s warm and dry inside, don¡¯t tell me, I wasn¡¯t asked in.¡± He flicked a glob of wet mud out from under a horseshoe. ¡°Does this mud look like shit to you? Could it be that this whole hill is made of Craster¡¯s shit?¡± 
¡¡¡¡Jon smiled. ¡°Well, I hear he¡¯s been here a long time,¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°You cheer me not. Go see the Old Bear.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Ghost, stay,¡± he commanded. The door to Craster¡¯s Keep was made of two flaps of deerhide. Jon shoved between them, stooping to pass under the low lintel. Two dozen of the chief rangers had preceded him, and were standing around the firepit in the center of the dirt floor while puddles collected about their boots. The hall stank of soot, dung, and wet dog. The air was heavy with smoke, yet somehow still damp. Rain leaked through the smoke hole in the roof. It was all a single room, with a sleeping loft above reached by a pair of splintery ladders. 
¡¡¡¡Jon remembered how he¡¯d felt the day they had left the Wall: nervous as a maiden, but eager to glimpse the mysteries and wonders beyond each new horizon. Well, here¡¯s one of the wonders, he told himself, gazing about the squalid, foul-smelling hall. The acrid smoke was making his eyes water. A pity that Pyp and Toad can¡¯t see all they¡¯re missing. 
¡¡¡¡Craster sat above the fire, the only man to enjoy his own chair. Even Lord Commander Mormont must seat himself on the common bench, with his raven muttering on his shoulder. Jarman Buckwell stood behind, dripping from patched mail and shiny wet leather, beside Thoren Smallwood in the late Ser Jaremy¡¯s heavy breastplate and sable-trimmed cloak. 
¡¡¡¡Craster¡¯s sheepskin jerkin and cloak of sewn skins made a shabby contrast, but around one thick wrist was a heavy ring that had the glint of gold. He looked to be a powerful man, though well into the winter of his days now, his mane of hair grey going to white. A flat nose and a drooping mouth gave him a cruel look, and one of his ears was missing. So this is a wildling. Jon remembered Old Nan¡¯s tales of the savage folk who drank blood from human skulls. Craster seemed to be drinking a thin yellow beer from a chipped stone cup. Perhaps he had not heard the stories. 
¡¡¡¡¡°I¡¯ve not seen Benjen Stark for three years,¡± he was telling Mormont. ¡°And if truth be told, I never once missed him.¡± A half-dozen black puppies and the odd pig or two skulked among the benches, while women in ragged deerskins passed horns of beer, stirred the fire, and chopped carrots and onions into a kettle. 
