¡¡¡¡¡°Is Craster as savage as the rangers say?¡± Sam asked. The rabbit was a shade underdone, but tasted wonderful. ¡°What¡¯s his castle like?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°A midden heap with a roof and a firepit.¡± Jon told Sam what he had seen and heard in Craster¡¯s Keep. 
¡¡¡¡By the time the telling was done, it was dark outside and Sam was licking his fingers. ¡°That was good, but now I¡¯d like a leg of lamb. A whole leg, just for me, sauced with mint and honey and cloves. Did you see any lambs?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°There was a sheepfold, but no sheep.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°How does he feed all his men?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I didn¡¯t see any men, just Craster and his women and a few small girls. I wonder he¡¯s able to hold the place. His defenses were nothing to speak of, only a muddy dike. You had better go up to the hall and draw that map. Can you find the way?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°If I don¡¯t fall in the mud.¡± Sam struggled back into his boots, collected quill and parchment, and shouldered out into the night, the rain pattering down on his cloak and floppy hat. 
¡¡¡¡Ghost laid his head on his paws and went to sleep by the fire. Jon stretched out beside him, grateful for the warmth. He was cold and wet, but not so cold and wet as he¡¯d been a short time before. Perhaps tonight the Old Bear will learn something that will lead us to Uncle Benjen. 
¡¡¡¡He woke to the sight of his own breath misting in the cold morning air. When he moved, his bones ached. Ghost was gone, the fire burnt out. Jon reached to pull aside the cloak he¡¯d hung over the rock, and found it stiff and frozen. He crept beneath it and stood up in a forest turned to crystal. 
¡¡¡¡The pale pink light of dawn sparkled on branch and leaf and stone. Every blade of grass was carved from emerald, every drip of water turned to diamond. Flowers and mushrooms alike wore coats of glass. Even the mud puddles had a bright brown sheen. Through the shimmering greenery, the black tents of his brothers were encased in a fine glaze of ice. 
¡¡¡¡So there is magic beyond the Wall after all. He found himself thinking of his sisters, perhaps because he¡¯d dreamed of them last night. Sansa would call this an enchantment, and tears would fill her eyes at the wonder of it, but Arya would run out laughing and shouting, wanting to touch it all. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Lord Snow?¡± he heard. Soft and meek. He turned. 
¡¡¡¡Crouched atop the rock that had sheltered him during the night was the rabbit keeper, wrapped in a black cloak so large it drowned her. Sam¡¯s cloak, Jon realized at once. Why is she wearing Sam¡¯s cloak? ¡°The fat one told me I¡¯d find you here, m¡¯lord,¡± she said. 
¡¡¡¡¡°We ate the rabbit, if that¡¯s what you came for.¡± The admission made him feel absurdly guilty. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Old Lord Crow, him with the talking bird, he gave Craster a crossbow worth a hundred rabbits.¡± Her arms closed over the swell of her belly. ¡°Is it true, m¡¯lord? Are you brother to a king?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°A half brother,¡± he admitted. ¡°I¡¯m Ned Stark¡¯s bastard. My brother Robb is the King in the North. Why are you here?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°The fat one, that Sam, he said to see you. He give me his cloak, so no one would say I didn¡¯t belong.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Won¡¯t Craster be angry with you?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°My father drank overmuch of the Lord Crow¡¯s wine last night. He¡¯ll sleep most of the day.¡± Her breath frosted the air in small nervous puffs. ¡°They say the king gives justice and protects the weak.¡± She started to climb off the rock, awkwardly, but the ice had made it slippery and her foot went out from under her. Jon caught her before she could fall, and helped her safely down. The woman knelt on the icy ground. ¡°M¡¯lord, I beg you¡ª¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Don¡¯t beg me anything. Go back to your hall, you shouldn¡¯t be here. We were commanded not to speak to Craster¡¯s women.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°You don¡¯t have to speak with me, m¡¯lor. Just take me with you, when you go, that¡¯s all I ask.¡± 
¡¡¡¡All she asks, he thought. As if that were nothing. 
¡¡¡¡¡°I¡¯ll . . . I¡¯ll be your wife, if you like. My father, he¡¯s got nineteen now, one less won¡¯t hurt him none.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Black brothers are sworn never to take wives, don¡¯t you know that? And we¡¯re guests in your father¡¯s hall besides.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Not you,¡± she said. ¡°I watched. You never ate at his board, nor slept by his fire. He never gave you guest-right, so you¡¯re not bound to him. It¡¯s for the baby I have to go.¡± ¡°I don¡¯t even know your name.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Gilly, he called me. For the gillyflower.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°That¡¯s pretty.¡± He remembered Sansa telling him once that he should say that whenever a lady told him her name. He could not help the girl, but perhaps the courtesy would please her. ¡°Is it Craster who frightens you, Gilly?¡± 
