¡¡¡¡He saw no sense in being coy with this one. ¡°For a time. Now she wants to be my salt wife.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Oho. Well, she¡¯d profit from some salting, no doubt. Too soft and bland, that one. Or am I wrong?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°You¡¯re not wrong.¡± Soft and bland. Precisely. How had she known? 
¡¡¡¡He had told Wex to wait at the inn. The common room was so crowded that Theon had to push his way through the door. Not a seat was to be had at bench nor table. Nor did he see his squire. ¡°Wex,¡±¡ªhe shouted over the din and clatter. If he¡¯s up with one of those poxy whores, I¡¯ll strip the hide off him, he was thinking when he finally spied the boy, dicing near the hearth . . . and winning too, by the look of the pile of coins before him. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Time to go,¡± Theon announced. When the boy paid him no mind, he seized him by the ear and pulled him from the game. Wex grabbed up a fistful of coppers and came along without a word. That was one of the things Theon liked best about him. Most squires have loose tongues, but Wex had been born dumb . . . which didn¡¯t seem to keep him from being clever as any twelve-year-old had a right to be. He was a baseborn son of one of Lord Botley¡¯s half brothers. Taking him as squire had been part of the price Theon had paid for his horse. 
¡¡¡¡When Wex saw Esgred, his eyes went round. You¡¯d think he¡¯d never seen a woman before, Theon thought. ¡°Esgred will be riding with me back to Pyke. Saddle the horses, and be quick about it.¡± 
¡¡¡¡The boy had ridden in on a scrawny little garron from Lord Balon¡¯s stable, but Theon¡¯s mount was quite another sort of beast. ¡°Where did you find that hellhorse?¡± Esgred asked when she saw him, but from the way she laughed he knew she was impressed. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Lord Botley bought him in Lannisport a year past, but he proved to be too much horse for him, so Botley was pleased to sell.¡± The Iron Islands were too sparse and rocky for breeding good horses. Most of the islanders were indifferent riders at best, more comfortable on the deck of a long-ship than in the saddle. Even the lords rode garrons or shaggy Harlaw ponies, and ox carts were more common than drays. The smallfolk too poor to own either one pulled their own plows through the thin, stony soil. 
¡¡¡¡But Theon had spent ten years in Winterfell, and did not intend to go to war without a good mount beneath him. Lord Botley¡¯s misjudgment was his good fortune: a stallion with a temper as black as his hide, larger than a courser if not quite so big as most destriers. As Theon was not quite so big as most knights, that suited him admirably. The animal had fire in his eyes. When he¡¯d met his new owner, he¡¯d pulled back his lips and tried to bite off his face. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Does he have a name?¡± Esgred asked Theon as he mounted. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Smiler.¡± He gave her a hand, and pulled her up in front of him, where he could put his arms around her as they rode. ¡°I knew a man once who told me that I smiled at the wrong things.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Do you?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Only by the lights of those who smile at nothing.¡± He thought of his father and his uncle Aeron. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Are you smiling now, my lord prince?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Oh, yes.¡± Theon reached around her to take the reins. She was almost of a height with him. Her hair could have used a wash and she had a faded pink scar on her pretty neck, but he liked the smell of her, salt and sweat and woman. 
¡¡¡¡The ride back to Pyke promised to be a good deal more interesting than the ride down had been. 
¡¡¡¡When they were well beyond Lordsport, Theon put a hand on her breast. Esgred reached up and plucked it away. ¡°I¡¯d keep both hands on the reins, or this black beast of yours is like to fling us both off and kick us to death.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I broke him of that.¡± Amused, Theon behaved himself for a while, chatting amiably of the weather (grey and overcast, as it had been since he arrived, with frequent rains) and telling her of the men he¡¯d killed in the Whispering Wood. When he reached the part about coming that close to the Kingslayer himself, he slid his hand back up to where it had been. Her breasts were small, but he liked the firmness of them. 
¡¡¡¡¡°You don¡¯t want to do that, my lord prince.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Oh, but I do.¡± Theon gave her a squeeze. ¡°Your squire is watching you.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Let him. He¡¯ll never speak of it, I swear.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Esgred pried his fingers off her breast. This time she kept him firmly prisoned. She had strong hands. 
¡¡¡¡¡°I like a woman with a good tight grip.¡± 
¡¡¡¡She snorted. ¡°I¡¯d not have thought it, by that wench on the waterfront.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°You must not judge me by her. She was the only woman on the ship.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Tell me of your father. Will he welcome me kindly to his castle?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Why should he? He scarcely welcomed me, his own blood, the heir to Pyke and the Iron Islands.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Are you?¡± she asked mildly. ¡°It¡¯s said that you have uncles, brothers, a sister.¡± 
