¡¡¡¡Ever anxious to please her, Theon obliged. The rest of the long ride passed swiftly as he filled her pretty head with tales of Winterfell and war. Some of the things he said astonished him. She is easy to talk to, gods praise her, he reflected. I feel as though I¡¯ve known her for years. If the wench¡¯s pillow play is half the equal of her wit, I¡¯ll need to keep her . . . He thought of Sigrin the Shipwright, a thick-bodied, thick-witted man, flaxen hair already receding from a pimpled brow, and shook his head. A waste. A most tragic waste. 
¡¡¡¡It seemed scarcely any time at all before the great curtain wall of Pyke loomed up before them. 
¡¡¡¡The gates were open. Theon put his heels into Smiler and rode through at a brisk trot. The hounds were barking wildly as he helped Esgred dismount. Several came bounding up, tails wagging. They shot straight past him and almost bowled the woman over, leaping all around her, yapping and licking. ¡°Off,¡± Theon shouted, aiming an ineffectual kick at one big brown bitch, but Esgred was laughing and wrestling with them. 
¡¡¡¡A stableman came pounding up after the dogs. ¡°Take the horse,¡± Theon commanded him, ¡°and get these damn dogs away¡ª ¡± 
¡¡¡¡The lout paid him no mind. His face broke into a huge gap-toothed smile and he said, ¡°Lady Asha. You¡¯re back.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Last night,¡± she said. ¡°I sailed from Great Wyk with Lord Goodbrother, and spent the night at the inn. My little brother was kind enough to let me ride with him from Lordsport.¡± She kissed one of the dogs on the nose and grinned at Theon. 
¡¡¡¡All he could do was stand and gape at her. Asha. No. She cannot be Asha. He realized suddenly that there were two Ashas in his head. One was the little girl he had known. The other, more vaguely imagined, looked something like her mother. Neither looked a bit like this . . . this . . . this . . . 
¡¡¡¡¡°The pimples went when the breasts came,¡± she explained while she tussled with a dog, ¡°but I kept the vulture¡¯s beak.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Theon found his voice. ¡°Why didn¡¯t you tell me?¡± 
¡¡¡¡Asha let go of the hound and straightened. ¡°I wanted to see who you were first. And I did.¡± She gave him a mocking half bow. ¡°And now, little brother, pray excuse me. I need to bathe and dress for the feast. I wonder if I still have that chainmail gown I like to wear over my boiled leather smallclothes?¡± She gave him that evil grin, and crossed the bridge with that walk he¡¯d liked so well, half saunter and half sway. 
¡¡¡¡When Theon turned away, Wex was smirking at him. He gave the boy a clout on the ear. ¡°That¡¯s for enjoying this so much.¡± And another, harder. ¡°And that¡¯s for not warning me. Next time, grow a tongue.¡± 
¡¡¡¡His own chambers in the Guest Keep had never seemed so chilly, though the thralls had left a brazier burning. Theon kicked his boots off, let his cloak fall to the floor, and poured himself a cup of wine, remembering a gawky girl with knob knees and pimples. She unlaced my breeches, he thought, outraged, and she said . . . oh, gods, and I said . . . He groaned. He could not possibly have made a more appalling fool of himself. 
¡¡¡¡No, he thought then. She was the one who made me a fool. The evil bitch must have enjoyed every moment of it. And the way she kept reaching for my cock . . . 
¡¡¡¡He took his cup and went to the window seat, where he sat drinking and watching the sea while the sun darkened over Pyke. I have no place here, he thought, and Asha is the reason, may the Others take her! The water below turned from green to grey to black. By then he could hear distant music, and he knew it was time to change for the feast. 
¡¡¡¡Theon chose plain boots and plainer clothes, somber shades of black and grey to fit his mood. No ornament; he had nothing bought with iron. I might have taken something off that wildling I killed to save Bran Stark, but he had nothing worth the taking. That¡¯s my cursed luck, I kill the poor. 
¡¡¡¡The long smoky hall was crowded with his father¡¯s lords and captains when Theon entered, near four hundred of them. Dagmer Cleftjaw had not yet returned from Old Wyk with the Stonehouses and Drumms, but all the rest were there¡ªHarlaws from Harlaw, Blacktydes from Blacktyde, Sparrs, Merlyns, and Goodbrothers from Great Wyk, Saltcliffes and Sunderlies from Saltcliffe, and Botleys and Wynches from the other side of Pyke. The thralls were pouring ale, and there was music, fiddles and skins and drums. Three burly men were doing the finger dance, spinning short-hafted axes at each other. The trick was to catch the axe or leap over it without missing a step. It was called the finger dance because it usually ended when one of the dancers lost one . . . or two, or five. 
