   ¡°Fourteen, and you¡¯re taller than I will ever be. My legs are short and twisted, and I walk with difficulty. I require a special saddle to keep from falling off my horse. A saddle of my own design, you may be interested to know. It was either that or ride a pony. My arms are strong enough, but again, too short. I will never make a swordsman. Had I been born a peasant, they might have left me out to die, or sold me to some slaver¡¯s grotesquerie. Alas, I was born a Lannister of Casterly Rock, and the grotesqueries are all the poorer. Things are expected of me. My father was the Hand of the King for twenty years. My brother later killed that very same king, as it turns out, but life is full of these little ironies. My sister married the new king and my repulsive nephew will be king after him. I must do my part for the honor of my House, wouldn¡¯t you agree? Yet how? Well, my legs may be too small for my body, but my head is too large, although I prefer to think it is just large enough for my mind. I have a realistic grasp of my own strengths and weaknesses. My mind is my weapon. My brother has his sword, King Robert has his warhammer, and I have my mind?.?.?.?and a mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if it is to keep its edge.¡± Tyrion tapped the leather cover of the book. ¡°That¡¯s why I read so much, Jon Snow.¡±
   The boy absorbed that all in silence. He had the Stark face if not the name: long, solemn, guarded, a face that gave nothing away. Whoever his mother had been, she had left little of herself in her son. ¡°What are you reading about?¡± he asked.
   ¡°Dragons,¡± Tyrion told him.
   ¡°What good is that? There are no more dragons,¡± the boy said with the easy certainty of youth.
   ¡°So they say,¡± Tyrion replied. ¡°Sad, isn¡¯t it? When I was your age, used to dream of having a dragon of my own.¡±
   ¡°You did?¡± the boy said suspiciously. Perhaps he thought Tyrion was making fun of him.
   ¡°Oh, yes. Even a stunted, twisted, ugly little boy can look down over the world when he¡¯s seated on a dragon¡¯s back.¡± Tyrion pushed the bearskin aside and climbed to his feet. ¡°I used to start fires in the bowels of Casterly Rock and stare at the flames for hours, pretending they were dragonfire. Sometimes I¡¯d imagine my father burning. At other times, my sister.¡± Jon Snow was staring at him, a look equal parts horror and fascination. Tyrion guffawed. ¡°Don¡¯t look at me that way, bastard. I know your secret. You¡¯ve dreamt the same kind of dreams.¡±
   ¡°No,¡± Jon Snow said, horrified. ¡°I wouldn¡¯t?.?.?.?¡±
   ¡°No? Never?¡± Tyrion raised an eyebrow. ¡°Well, no doubt the Starks have been terribly good to you. I¡¯m certain Lady Stark treats you as if you were one of her own. And your brother Robb, he¡¯s always been kind, and why not? He gets Winterfell and you get the Wall. And your father?.?.?.?he must have good reasons for packing you off to the Night¡¯s Watch?.?.?.?¡±
   ¡°Stop it,¡± Jon Snow said, his face dark with anger. ¡°The Night¡¯s Watch is a noble calling!¡±
   Tyrion laughed. ¡°You¡¯re too smart to believe that. The Night¡¯s Watch is a midden heap for all the misfits of the realm. I¡¯ve seen you looking at Yoren and his boys. Those are your new brothers, Jon Snow, how do you like them? Sullen peasants, debtors, poachers, rapers, thieves, and bastards like you all wind up on the Wall, watching for grumkins and snarks and all the other monsters your wet nurse warned you about. The good part is there are no grumkins or snarks, so it¡¯s scarcely dangerous work. The bad part is you freeze your balls off, but since you¡¯re not allowed to breed anyway, I don¡¯t suppose that matters.¡±
   ¡°Stop it!¡± the boy screamed. He took a step forward, his hands coiling into fists, close to tears.
   Suddenly, absurdly, Tyrion felt guilty. He took a step forward, intending to give the boy a reassuring pat on the shoulder or mutter some word of apology.
   He never saw the wolf, where it was or how it came at him. One moment he was walking toward Snow and the next he was flat on his back on the hard rocky ground, the book spinning away from him as he fell, the breath going out of him at the sudden impact, his mouth full of dirt and blood and rotting leaves. As he tried to get up, his back spasmed painfully. He must have wrenched it in the fall. He ground his teeth in frustration, grabbed a root, and pulled himself back to a sitting position. ¡°Help me,¡± he said to the boy, reaching up a hand.
   And suddenly the wolf was between them. He did not growl. The damned thing never made a sound. He only looked at him with those bright red eyes, and showed him his teeth, and that was more than enough. Tyrion sagged back to the ground with a grunt. ¡°Don¡¯t help me, then. I¡¯ll sit right here until you leave.¡±
   Jon Snow stroked Ghost¡¯s thick white fur, smiling now. ¡°Ask me nicely.¡±
