¡¡¡¡In the echoing stone-and-timber bathhouse, the captives were stripped and made to scrub and scrape themselves raw in tubs of scalding hot water. Two fierce old women supervised the process, discussing them as bluntly as if they were newly acquired donkeys. When Arya¡¯s turn came round, Goodwife Amabel clucked in dismay at the sight of her feet, while Goodwife Harra felt the callus on her fingers that long hours of practice with Needle had earned her. ¡°Got those churning butter, I¡¯ll wager,¡± she said. ¡°Some farmer¡¯s whelp, are you? Well, never you mind, girl, you have a chance to win a higher place in this world if you work hard. If you won¡¯t work hard, you¡¯ll be beaten. And what do they call you?¡± 
¡¡¡¡Arya dared not say her true name, but Arry was no good either, it was a boy¡¯s name and they could see she was no boy. ¡°Weasel,¡± she said, naming the first girl she could think of. ¡°Lommy called me Weasel.¡± ¡°I can see why,¡± sniffed Goodwife Amabel. ¡°That hair is a fright and a nest for lice as well. We¡¯ll have it off, and then you¡¯re for the kitchens.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I¡¯d sooner tend the horses.¡± Arya liked horses, and maybe if she was in the stables she¡¯d be able to steal one and escape. 
¡¡¡¡Goodwife Harra slapped her so hard that her swollen lip broke open all over again. ¡°And keep that tongue to yourself or you¡¯ll get worse. No one asked your views.¡± 
¡¡¡¡The blood in her mouth had a salty metal tang to it. Arya dropped her gaze and said nothing. If I still had Needle, she wouldn¡¯t dare hit me, she thought sullenly. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Lord Tywin and his knights have grooms and squires to tend their horses, they don¡¯t need the likes of you,¡± Goodwife Amabel said. ¡°The kitchens are snug and clean, and there¡¯s always a warm fire to sleep by and plenty to eat. You might have done well there, but I can see you¡¯re not a clever girl. Harra, I believe we should give this one to Weese.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°If you think so, Amabel.¡± They gave her a shift of grey roughspun wool and a pair of ill-fitting shoes, and sent her off. 
¡¡¡¡Weese was understeward for the Wailing Tower, a squat man with a fleshy carbuncle of a nose and a nest of angry red boils near one corner of his plump lips. Arya was one of six sent to him. He looked them all over with a gimlet eye. ¡°The Lannisters are generous to those as serve them well, an honor none of your sort deserve, but in war a man makes do with what¡¯s to hand. Work hard and mind your place and might be one day you¡¯ll rise as high as me. If you think to presume on his lordship¡¯s kindness, though, you¡¯ll find me waiting after m¡¯lord has gone, y¡¯see.¡± He strutted up and down before them, telling them how they must never look the highborn in the eye, nor speak until spoken to, nor get in his lordship¡¯s way. ¡°My nose never lies,¡± he boasted. ¡°I can smell defiance, I can smell pride, I can smell disobedience. I catch a whiff of any such stinks, you¡¯ll answer for it. When I sniff you, all I want to smell is fear.¡± 
¡¡¡¡CHAPTER 27 
¡¡¡¡DAENERYS 
¡¡¡¡On the walls of Qarth, men beat gongs to herald her coming, while others blew curious horns that encircled their bodies like great bronze snakes. A column of camelry emerged from the city as her honor guards. The riders wore scaled copper armor and snouted helms with copper tusks and long black silk plumes, and sat high on saddles inlaid with rubies and garnets. Their camels were dressed in blankets of a hundred different hues. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Qarth is the greatest city that ever was or ever will be,¡± Pyat Pree had told her, back amongst the bones of Vaes Tolorro. ¡°It is the center of the world, the gate between north and south, the bridge between east and west, ancient beyond memory of man and so magnificent that Saathos the Wise put out his eyes after gazing upon Qarth for the first time, because he knew that all he saw thereafter should look squalid and ugly by comparison.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Dany took the warlock¡¯s words well salted, but the magnificence of the great city was not to be denied. Three thick walls encircled Qarth, elaborately carved. The outer was red sandstone, thirty feet high and decorated with animals: snakes slithering, kites flying, fish swimming, intermingled with wolves of the red waste and striped horses and monstrous elephants. The middle wall, forty feet high, was grey granite alive with scenes of war: the clash of sword and shield and spear, arrows in flight, heroes at battle and babes being butchered, pyres of the dead. The innermost wall was fifty feet of black marble, with carvings that made Dany blush until she told herself that she was being a fool. She was no maid; if she could look on the grey wall¡¯s scenes of slaughter, why should she avert her eyes from the sight of men and women giving pleasure to one another? 
