¡¡¡¡¡°Sweet smells are sometimes used to cover foul ones.¡± 
¡¡¡¡My great bear, Dany thought. I am his queen, but I will always be his cub as well, and he will always guard me. It made her feel safe, but sad as well. She wished she could love him better than she did. 
¡¡¡¡Xaro Xhoan Daxos had offered Dany the hospitality of his home while she was in the city. She had expected something grand. She had not expected a palace larger than many a market town. It makes Magister Illyrio¡¯s manse in Pentos look like a swineherd¡¯s hovel, she thought. Xaro swore that his home could comfortably house all of her people and their horses besides; indeed, it swallowed them. An entire wing was given over to her. She would have her own gardens, a marble bathing pool, a scrying tower and warlock¡¯s maze. Slaves would tend her every need. In her private chambers, the floors were green marble, the walls draped with colorful silk hangings that shimmered with every breath of air. ¡°You are too generous,¡± she told Xaro Xhoan Daxos. 
¡¡¡¡¡°For the Mother of Dragons, no gift is too great.¡± Xaro was a languid, elegant man with a bald head and a great beak of a nose crusted with rubies, opals, and flakes of jade. ¡°On the morrow, you shall feast upon peacock and lark¡¯s tongue, and hear music worthy of the most beautiful of women. The Thirteen will come to do you homage, and all the great of Qarth.¡± 
¡¡¡¡All the great of Qarth will come to see my dragons, Dany thought, yet she thanked Xaro for his kindness before she sent him on his way. Pyat Pree took his leave as well, vowing to petition the Undying Ones for an audience. ¡°A honor rare as summer snows.¡± Before he left he kissed her bare feet with his pale blue lips and pressed on her a gift, a jar of ointment that he swore would let her see the spirits of the air. Last of the three seekers to depart was Quaithe the shadowbinder. From her Dany received only a warning. ¡°Beware,¡± the woman in the red lacquer mask said. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Of whom?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Of all. They shall come day and night to see the wonder that has been born again into the world, and when they see they shall lust. For dragons are fire made flesh, and fire is power.¡± 
¡¡¡¡When Quaithe too was gone, Ser Jorah said, ¡°She speaks truly, my queen . . . though I like her no more than the others.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I do not understand her.¡± Pyat and Xaro had showered Dany with promises from the moment they first glimpsed her dragons, declaring themselves her loyal servants in all things, but from Quaithe she had gotten only the rare cryptic word. And it disturbed her that she had never seen the woman¡¯s face. Remember Mirri Maz Duur, she told herself. Remember treachery. She turned to her bloodriders. ¡°We will keep our own watch so long as we are here. See that no one enters this wing of the palace without my leave, and take care that the dragons are always well guarded.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°It shall be done, Khaleesi,¡± Aggo said. 
¡¡¡¡¡°We have seen only the parts of Qarth that Pyat Pree wished us to see,¡± she went on. ¡°Rakharo, go forth and look on the rest, and tell me what you find. Take good men with you¡ªand women, to go places where men are forbidden.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°As you say, I do, blood of my blood,¡± said Rakharo. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Ser Jorah, find the docks and see what manner of ships lay at anchor. It has been half a year since I last heard tidings from the Seven Kingdoms. Perhaps the gods will have blown some good captain here from Westeros with a ship to carry us home.¡± 
¡¡¡¡The knight frowned. ¡°That would be no kindness. The Usurper will kill you, sure as sunrise.¡± Mormont hooked his thumbs through his swordbelt. ¡°My place is here at your side.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Jhogo can guard me as well. You have more languages than my bloodriders, and the Dothraki mistrust the sea and those who sail her. Only you can serve me in this. Go among the ships and speak to the crews, learn where they are from and where they are bound and what manner of men command them.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Reluctantly, the exile nodded. ¡°As you say, my queen.¡± 
¡¡¡¡When all the men had gone, her handmaids stripped off the travelstained silks she wore, and Dany padded out to where the marble pool sat in the shade of a portico. The water was deliciously cool, and the pool was stocked with tiny golden fish that nibbled curiously at her skin and made her giggle. It felt good to close her eyes and float, knowing she could rest as long as she liked. She wondered whether Aegon¡¯s Red Keep had a pool like this, and fragrant gardens full of lavender and mint. It must, surely. Viserys always said the Seven Kingdoms were more beautiful than any other place in the world. 
