¡¡¡¡The thought of home disquieted her. If her sun-and-stars had lived, he would have led his khalasar across the poison water and swept away her enemies, but his strength had left the world. Her bloodriders remained, sworn to her for life and skilled in slaughter, but only in the ways of the horselords. The Dothraki sacked cities and plundered kingdoms, they did not rule them. Dany had no wish to reduce King¡¯s Landing to a blackened ruin full of unquiet ghosts. She had supped enough on tears. I want to make my kingdom beautiful, to fill it with fat men and pretty maids and laughing children. I want my people to smile when they see me ride by, the way Viserys said they smiled for my father. 
¡¡¡¡But before she could do that she must conquer. 
¡¡¡¡The Usurper will kill you, sure as sunrise, Mormont had said. Robert had slain her gallant brother Rhaegar, and one of his creatures had crossed the Dothraki sea to poison her and her unborn son. They said Robert Baratheon was strong as a bull and fearless in battle, a man who loved nothing better than war. And with him stood the great lords her brother had named the Usurper¡¯s dogs, cold-eyed Eddard Stark with his frozen heart, and the golden Lannisters, father and son, so rich, so powerful, so treacherous. 
¡¡¡¡How could she hope to overthrow such men? When Khal Drogo had lived, men trembled and made him gifts to stay his wrath. If they did not, he took their cities, wealth and wives and all. But his khalasar had been vast, while hers was meager. Her people had followed her across the red waste as she chased her comet, and would follow her across the poison water too, but they would not be enough. Even her dragons might not be enough. Viserys had believed that the realm would rise for its rightful king . . . but Viserys had been a fool, and fools believe in foolish things. 
¡¡¡¡Her doubts made her shiver. Suddenly the water felt cold to her, and the little fish prickling at her skin annoying. Dany stood and climbed from the pool. ¡°Irri,¡± she called, ¡°Jhiqui. 
¡¡¡¡As the handmaids toweled her dry and wrapped her in a sandsilk robe, Dany¡¯s thoughts went to the three who had sought her out in the City of Bones. The Bleeding Star led me to Qarth for a purpose. Here I will find what I need, if I have the strength to take what is offered, and the wisdom to avoid the traps and snares. If the gods mean for me to conquer, they will provide, they will send me a sign, and if not . . . if not . . . 
¡¡¡¡It was near evenfall and Dany was feeding her dragons when Irri stepped through the silken curtains to tell her that Ser Jorah had returned from the docks . . . and not alone. ¡°Send him in, with whomever he has brought,¡± she said, curious. 
¡¡¡¡When they entered, she was seated on a mound of cushions, her dragons all about her. The man he brought with him wore a cloak of green and yellow feathers and had skin as black as polished jet. ¡°Your Grace,¡± the knight said, ¡°I bring you Quhuru Mo, captain of the Cinnamon Wind out of Tall Trees Town.¡± 
¡¡¡¡The black man knelt. ¡°I am greatly honored, my queen,¡± he said; not in the tongue of the Summer Isles, which Dany did not know, but in the liquid Valyrian of the Nine Free Cities. 
¡¡¡¡¡°The honor is mine, Quhuru Mo,¡± said Dany in the same language. ¡°Have you come from the Summer Isles?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°This is so, Your Grace, but before, not half a year past, we called at Oldtown. From there I bring you a wondrous gift.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°A gift?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°A gift of news. Dragonmother, Stormborn, I tell you true, Robert Baratheon is dead.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Outside her walls, dusk was settling over Qarth, but a sun had risen in Dany¡¯s heart. ¡°Dead?¡± she repeated. In her lap, black Drogon hissed, and pale smoke rose before her face like a veil. ¡°You are certain? The Usurper is dead?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°So it is said in Oldtown, and Dorne, and Lys, and all the other ports where we have called.¡± 
¡¡¡¡He sent me poisoned wine, yet I live and he is gone. ¡°What was the manner of his death?¡± On her shoulder, pale Viserion flapped wings the color of cream, stirring the air. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Torn by a monstrous boar whilst hunting in his kingswood, or so I heard in Oldtown. Others say his queen betrayed him, or his brother, or Lord Stark who was his Hand. Yet all the tales agree in this: King Robert is dead and in his grave.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Dany had never looked upon the Usurper¡¯s face, yet seldom a day had passed when she had not thought of him. His great shadow had lain across her since the hour of her birth, when she came forth amidst blood and storm into a world where she no longer had a place. And now this ebony stranger had lifted that shadow. 
¡¡¡¡¡°The boy sits the Iron Throne now,¡± Ser Jorah said. 
