¡¡¡¡As he left the stable on his piebald gelding, Tyrion heard the sound of music drifting over the rooftops. It was pleasant to think that men still sang, even in the midst of butchery and famine. Remembered notes filled his head, and for a moment he could almost hear Tysha as she¡¯d sung to him half a lifetime ago. He reined up to listen. The tune was wrong, the words too faint to hear. A different song then, and why not? His sweet innocent Tysha had been a lie start to finish, only a whore his brother Jaime had hired to make him a man. 
¡¡¡¡I¡¯m free of Tysha now, he thought. She¡¯s haunted me half my life, but I don¡¯t need her anymore, no more than I need Alayaya or Dancy or Marei, or the hundreds like them I¡¯ve bedded with over the years. I have Shae now . . . Shae. 
¡¡¡¡The gates of the manse were closed and barred. Tyrion pounded until the ornate bronze eye clacked open. ¡°It¡¯s me.¡± The man who admitted him was one of Varys¡¯s prettier finds, a Braavosi daggerman with a harelip and a lazy eye. Tyrion had wanted no handsome young guardsmen loitering about Shae day after day. ¡°Find me old, ugly, scarred men, preferably impotent,¡± he had told the eunuch. ¡°Men who prefer boys. Or men who prefer sheep, for that matter.¡± Varys had not managed to come up with any sheeplovers, but he did find a eunuch strangler and a pair of foulsmelling Ibbenese who were as fond of axes as they were of each other. The others were as choice a lot of mercenaries as ever graced a dungeon, each uglier than the last. When Varys had paraded them before him, Tyrion had been afraid he¡¯d gone too far, but Shae had never uttered a word of complaint. And why would she? She has never complained of me, and I¡¯m more hideous than all her guards together. Perhaps she does not even see ugliness. 
¡¡¡¡Even so, Tyrion would sooner have used some of his mountain clansmen to guard the manse; Chella¡¯s Black Ears perhaps, or the Moon Brothers. He had more faith in their iron loyalties and sense of honor than in the greed of sellswords. The risk was too great, however. All King¡¯s Landing knew the wildlings were his. If he sent the Black Ears here, it would only be a matter of time until the whole city knew the King¡¯s Hand was keeping a concubine. 
¡¡¡¡One of the Ibbenese took his horse. ¡°Have you woken her?¡± Tyrion asked him. 
¡¡¡¡¡°No, m¡¯lord.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Good.¡± 
¡¡¡¡The fire in the bedchamber had burned down to embers, but the room was still warm. Shae had kicked off her blankets and sheets as she slept. She lay nude atop the featherbed, the soft curves of her young body limned in the faint glow from the hearth. Tyrion stood in the door and drank in the sight of her. Younger than Marei, sweeter than Dancy, more beautiful than Alayaya, she¡¯s all I need and more. How could a whore look so clean and sweet and innocent, he wondered? 
¡¡¡¡He had not intended to disturb her, but the sight of her was enough to make him hard. He let his garments fall to the floor, then crawled onto the bed and gently pushed her legs apart and kissed her between the thighs. Shae murmured in her sleep. He kissed her again, and licked at her secret sweetness, on and on until his beard and her cunt were both soaked. When she gave a soft moan and shuddered, he climbed up and thrust himself inside her and exploded almost at once. 
¡¡¡¡Her eyes were open. She smiled and stroked his head and whispered, ¡°I just had the sweetest dream, m¡¯lord.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Tyrion nipped at her small hard nipple and nestled his head on her shoulder. He did not pull out of her; would that he never had to pull out of her. ¡°This is no dream,¡± he promised her. It is real, all of it, he thought, the wars, the intrigues, the great bloody game, and me in the center of it . . . me, the dwarf, the monster, the one they scorned and laughed at, but now I hold it all, the power, the city, the girl. This was what I was made for, and gods forgive me, but I do love it . . . 
¡¡¡¡And her. And her. 
¡¡¡¡CHAPTER 30 
¡¡¡¡ARYA 
¡¡¡¡Whatever names Harren the Black had meant to give his towers were long forgotten. They were called the Tower of Dread, the Widow¡¯s Tower, the Wailing Tower, the Tower of Ghosts, and Kingspyre Tower. Arya slept in a shallow niche in the cavernous vaults beneath the Wailing Tower, on a bed of straw. She had water to wash in whenever she liked, a chunk of soap. The work was hard, but no harder than walking miles every day. Weasel did not need to find worms and bugs to eat, as Arry had; there was bread every day, and barley stews with bits of carrot and turnip, and once a fortnight even a bite of meat. 
