¡¡¡¡As he neared, she saw that Stannis wore a crown of red gold with points fashioned in the shape of flames. His belt was studded with garnets and yellow topaz, and a great square-cut ruby was set in the hilt of the sword he wore. Otherwise his dress was plain: studded leather jerkin over quilted doublet, worn boots, breeches of brown roughspun. The device on his sun-yellow banner showed a red heart surrounded by a blaze of orange fire. The crowned stag was there, yes . . . shrunken and enclosed within the heart. Even more curious was his standard bearer¡ªa woman, garbed all in reds, face shadowed within the deep hood of her scarlet cloak. A red priestess, Catelyn thought, wondering. The sect was numerous and powerful in the Free Cities and the distant east, but there were few in the Seven Kingdoms. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Lady Stark,¡± Stannis Baratheon said with chill courtesy as he reined up. He inclined his head, balder than she remembered. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Lord Stannis,¡± she returned. 
¡¡¡¡Beneath the tight-trimmed beard his heavy jaw clenched hard, yet he did not hector her about titles. For that she was duly grateful. ¡°I had not thought to find you at Storm¡¯s End.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I had not thought to be here.¡± 
¡¡¡¡His deepset eyes regarded her uncomfortably. This was not a man made for easy courtesies. ¡°I am sorry for your lord¡¯s death,¡± he said, ¡°though Eddard Stark was no friend to me.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°He was never your enemy, my lord. When the Lords Tyrell and Redwyne held you prisoned in that castle, starving, it was Eddard Stark who broke the siege.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°At my brother¡¯s command, not for love of me,¡± Stannis answered. ¡°Lord Eddard did his duty, I will not deny it. Did I ever do less? I should have been Robert¡¯s Hand.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°That was your brother¡¯s will. Ned never wanted it.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Yet he took it. That which should have been mine. Still, I give you my word, you shall have justice for his murder.¡± 
¡¡¡¡How they loved to promise heads, these men who would be king. ¡°Your brother promised me the same. But if truth be told, I would sooner have my daughters back, and leave justice to the gods. Cersei still holds my Sansa, and of Arya there has been no word since the day of Robert¡¯s death.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°If your children are found when I take the city, they shall be sent to you.¡± Alive or dead, his tone implied. 
¡¡¡¡¡°And when shall that be, Lord Stannis? King¡¯s Landing is close to your Dragonstone, but I find you here instead.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°You are frank, Lady Stark. Very well, I¡¯ll answer you frankly. To take the city, I need the power of these southron lords I see across the field. My brother has them. I must needs take them from him.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Men give their allegiance where they will, my lord. These lords swore fealty to Robert and House Baratheon. If you and your brother were to put aside your quarrel¡ª¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I have no quarrel with Renly, should he prove dutiful. I am his elder, and his king. I want only what is mine by rights. Renly owes me loyalty and obedience. I mean to have it. From him, and from these other lords.¡± Stannis studied her face. ¡°And what cause brings you to this field, my lady? Has House Stark cast its lot with my brother, is that the way of it?¡± 
¡¡¡¡This one will never bend, she thought, yet she must try nonetheless. Too much was at stake. ¡°My son reigns as King in the North, by the will of our lords and people. He bends the knee to no man, but holds out the hand of friendship to all.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Kings have no friends,¡± Stannis said bluntly, ¡°only subjects and enemies.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°And brothers,¡± a cheerful voice called out behind her. Catelyn glanced over her shoulder as Lord Renly¡¯s palfrey picked her way through the stumps. The younger Baratheon was splendid in his green velvet doublet and satin cloak trimmed in vair. The crown of golden roses girded his temples, jade stag¡¯s head rising over his forehead, long black hair spilling out beneat. Jagged chunks of black diamond studded his swordbelt, and a chain of gold and emeralds looped around his neck. 
¡¡¡¡Renly had chosen a woman to carry his banner as well, though Brienne hid face and form behind plate armor that gave no hint of her sex. Atop her twelve-foot lance, the crowned stag pranced black-on-gold as the wind off the sea rippled the cloth. 
¡¡¡¡His brother¡¯s greeting was curt. ¡°Lord Renly.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°King Renly. Can that truly be you, Stannis?¡± 
¡¡¡¡Stannis frowned. ¡°Who else should it be?¡± 
¡¡¡¡Renly gave an easy shrug. ¡°When I saw that standard, I could not be certain. Whose banner do you bear?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Mine own.¡± 
¡¡¡¡The red-clad priestess spoke up. ¡°The king has taken for his sigil the fiery heart of the Lord of Light.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Renly seemed amused by that. ¡°All for the good. If we both use the same banner, the battle will be terribly confused.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Catelyn said, ¡°Let us hope there will be no battle. We three share a common foe who would destroy us all.¡± 
