¡¡¡¡Catelyn and Lord Renly returned together to the camp where his thousands and her few waited their return. ¡°That was amusing, if not terribly profitable,¡± he commented. ¡°I wonder where I can get a sword like that? Well, doubtless Loras will make me a gift of it after the battle. It grieves me that it must come to this.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°You have a cheerful way of grieving,¡± said Catelyn, whose distress was not feigned. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Do I?¡± Renly shrugged. ¡°So be it. Stannis was never the most cherished of brothers, I confess. Do you suppose this tale of his is true? If Joffrey is the Kingslayer¡¯s get¡ª¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°¡ªyour brother is the lawful heir.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°While he lives,¡± Renly admitted. ¡°Though it¡¯s a fool¡¯s law, wouldn¡¯t you agree? Why the oldest son, and not the best-fitted? The crown will suit me, as it never suited Robert and would not suit Stannis. I have it in me to be a great king, strong yet generous, clever, just, diligent, loyal to my friends and terrible to my enemies, yet capable of forgiveness, patient¡ª¡± ¡°¡ªhumble?¡± Catelyn supplied. 
¡¡¡¡Renly laughed. ¡°You must allow a king some flaws, my lady.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Catelyn felt very tired. It had all been for nothing. The Baratheon brothers would drown each other in blood while her son faced the Lannisters alone, and nothing she could say or do would stop it. It is past time I went back to Riverrun to close my father¡¯s eyes, she thought. That much at least I can do. I may be a poor envoy, but I am a good moumer, gods save me. 
¡¡¡¡Their camp was well sited atop a low stony ridge that ran from north to south. It was far more orderly than the sprawling encampment on the Mander, though only a quarter as large. When he¡¯d learned of his brother¡¯s assault on Storm¡¯s End, Renly had split his forces, much as Robb had done at the Twins. His great mass of foot he had left behind at Bitterbridge with his young queen, his wagons, carts, draft animals, and all his cumbersome siege machinery, while Renly himself led his knights and freeriders in a swift dash east. 
¡¡¡¡How like his brother Robert he was, even in that . . . only Robert had always had Eddard Stark to temper his boldness with caution. Ned would surely have prevailed upon Robert to bring up his whole force, to encircle Stannis and besiege the besiegers. That choice Renly had denied himself in his headlong rush to come to grips with his brother. He had outdistanced his supply lines, left food and forage days behind with all his wagons and mules and oxen. He must come to battle soon, or starve. 
¡¡¡¡Catelyn sent Hal Mollen to tend to their horses while she accompanied Renly back to the royal pavilion at the heart of the encampment. Inside the walls of green silk, his captains and lords bannermen were waiting to hear word of the parley. ¡°My brother has not changed,¡± their young king told them as Brienne unfastened his cloak and lifted the gold-and-jade crown from his brow. ¡°Castles and courtesies will not appease him, he must have blood. Well, I am of a mind to grant his wish.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Your Grace, I see no need for battle here,¡± Lord Mathis Rowan put in. ¡°The castle is strongly garrisoned and well provisioned, Ser Cortnay Penrose is a seasoned commander, and the trebuchet has not been built that could breach the walls of Storm¡¯s End. Let Lord Stannis have his siege. He will find no joy in it, and whilst he sits cold and hungry and profitless, we will take King¡¯s Landing.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°And have men say I feared to face Stannis?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Only fools will say that,¡± Lord Mathis argued. 
¡¡¡¡Renly looked to the others. ¡°What say you all?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I say that Stannis is a danger to you,¡± Lord Randyll Tarly declared. ¡°Leave him unblooded and he will only grow stronger, while your own power is diminished by battle. The Lannisters will not be beaten in a day. By the time you are done with them, Lord Stannis may be as strong as you . . . or stronger.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Others chorused their agreement. The king looked pleased. ¡°We shall fight, then.¡± 
¡¡¡¡I have failed Robb as I failed Ned, Catelyn thought. ¡°My lord,¡± she announced. ¡°If you are set on battle, my purpose here is done. I ask your leave to return to Riverrun.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°You do not have it.¡± Renly seated himself on a camp chair. 
¡¡¡¡She stiffened. ¡°I had hoped to help you make a peace, my lord. I will not help you make a war.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Renly gave a shrug. ¡°I daresay we¡¯ll prevail without your five-and-twenty, my lady. I do not mean for you to take part in the battle, only to watch it.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I was at the Whispering Wood, my lord. I have seen enough butchery. I came here an envoy¡ª¡± 
