¡¡¡¡Ser Robar had hung back, uncertain, but now he was reaching for his hilt. ¡°Robar, no, listen.¡± Catelyn seized his arm. ¡°You do her wrong, it was not her. Help her! Hear me, it was Stannis.¡± The name was on her lips before she could think how it got there, but as she said it, she knew that it was true. ¡°I swear it, you know me, it was Stannis killed him.¡± 
¡¡¡¡The young rainbow knight stared at this madwoman with pale and frightened eyes. ¡°Stannis? How?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I do not know. Sorcery, some dark magic, there was a shadow, a shadow¡± Her own voice sounded wild and crazed to her, but the words poured out in a rush as the blades continued to clash behind her. ¡°A shadow with a sword, I swear it, I saw. Are you blind, the girl loved him! Help her!¡± She glanced back, saw the second guardsman fall, his blade dropping from limp fingers. Outside there was shouting. More angry men would be bursting in on them any instant, she knew. ¡°She is innocent, Robar. You have my word, on my husband¡¯s grave and my honor as a Stark!¡± 
¡¡¡¡That resolved him. ¡°I will hold them,¡± Ser Robar said. ¡°Get her away.¡± He turned and went out. 
¡¡¡¡The fire had reached the wall and was creeping up the side of the tent. Ser Emmon was pressing Brienne hard, him in his enameled yellow steel and her in wool. He had forgotten Catelyn, until the iron brazier came crashing into the back of his head. Helmed as he was, the blow did no lasting harm, but it sent him to his knees. ¡°Brienne, with me,¡± Catelyn commanded. The girl was not slow to see the chance. A slash, and the green silk parted. They stepped out into darkness and the chill of dawn. Loud voices came from the other side of the pavilion. ¡°This way,¡± Catelyn urged, ¡°and slowly. We must not run, or they will ask why. Walk easy, as if nothing were amiss.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Brienne thrust her sword blade through her belt and fell in beside Catelyn. The night air smelled of rain. Behind them, the king¡¯s pavilion was well ablaze, flames rising high against the dark. No one made any move to stop them. Men rushed past them, shouting of fire and murder and sorcery. Others stood in small groups and spoke in low voices. A few were praying, and one young squire was on his knees, sobbing openly. 
¡¡¡¡Renly¡¯s battles were already coming apart as the rumors spread from mouth to mouth. The nightfires had burned low, and as the east began to lighten the immense mass of Storm¡¯s End emerged like a dream of stone while wisps of pale mist raced across the field, flying from the sun on wings of wind. Morning ghosts, she had heard Old Nan call them once, spirits returning to their graves. And Renly one of them now, gone like his brother Robert, like her own dear Ned. 
¡¡¡¡¡°I never held him but as he died,¡± Brienne said quietly as they walked through the spreading chaos. Her voice sounded as if she might break at any instant. ¡°He was laughing one moment, and suddenly the blood was everywhere . . . my lady, I do not understand. Did you see, did you . . . ?¡± ¡°I saw a shadow. I thought it was Renly¡¯s shadow at the first, but it was his brother¡¯s.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Lord Stannis?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I felt him. It makes no sense, I know.¡± 
¡¡¡¡It made sense enough for Brienne. ¡°I will kill him,¡± the tall homely girl declared. ¡°With my lord¡¯s own sword, I will kill him. I swear it. I swear it. I swear it.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Hal Mollen and the rest of her escort were waiting with the horses. Ser Wendel Manderly was all in a lather to know what was happening. ¡°My lady, the camp has gone mad,¡± he blurted when he saw them. ¡°Lord Renly, is he¡ª¡± He stopped suddenly, staring at Brienne and the blood that drenched her. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Dead, but not by our hands.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°The battle¡ª¡± Hal Mollen began. 
¡¡¡¡¡°There will be no battle.¡± Catelyn mounted, and her escort formed up about her, with Ser Wendel to her left and Ser Perwyn Frey on her right. ¡°Brienne, we brought mounts enough for twice our number. Choose one, and come with us.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I have my own horse, my lady. And my armor¡ª¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Leave them. We must be well away before they think to look for us. We were both with the king when he was killed. That will not be forgotten.¡± Wordless, Brienne turned and did as she was bid. ¡°Ride,¡± Catelyn commanded her escort when they were all ahorse. ¡°If any man tries to stop us, cut him down.¡± 
