¡¡¡¡As the long fingers of dawn fanned across the fields, color was returning to the world. Where grey men had sat grey horses armed with shadow spears, the points of ten thousand lances now glinted silverly cold, and on the myriad flapping banners Catelyn saw the blush of red and pink and orange, the richness of blues and browns, the blaze of gold and yellow. All the power of Storm¡¯s End and Highgarden, the power that had been Renly¡¯s an hour ago. They belong to Stannis now, she realized, even if they do not know it themselves yet. Where else are they to turn, if not to the last Baratheon? Stannis has won all with a single evil stroke. 
¡¡¡¡I am the rightful king, he had declared, his jaw clenched hard as iron, and your son no less a traitor than my brother here. His day will come as well. 
¡¡¡¡A chill went through her. 
¡¡¡¡CHAPTER 34 
¡¡¡¡JON 
¡¡¡¡The hill jutted above the dense tangle of forest, rising solitary and sudden, its windswept heights visible from miles off. The wildlings called it the Fist of the First Men, rangers said. It did look like a fist, Jon Snow thought, punching up through earth and wood, its bare brown slopes knuckled with stone. 
¡¡¡¡He rode to the top with Lord Mormont and the officers, leaving Ghost below under the trees. The direwolf had run off three times as they climbed, twice returning reluctantly to Jon¡¯s whistle. The third time, the Lord Commander lost patience and snapped, ¡°Let him go, boy. I want to reach the crest before dusk. Find the wolf later.¡± 
¡¡¡¡The way up was steep and stony, the summit crowned by a chest-high wall of tumbled rocks. They had to circle some distance west before they found a gap large enough to admit the horses. ¡°This is good ground, Thoren,¡± the Old Bear proclaimed when at last they attained the top. ¡°We could scarce hope for better. We¡¯ll make our camp here to await Halfhand.¡± The Lord Commander swung down off his saddle, dislodging the raven from his shoulder. Complaining loudly, the bird took to the air. 
¡¡¡¡The views atop the hill were bracing, yet it was the ringwall that drew Jon¡¯s eye, the weathered grey stones with their white patches of lichen, their beards of green moss. It was said that the Fist had been a ringfort of the First Men in the Dawn Age. ¡°An old place, and strong,¡± Thoren Smallwood said. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Old,¡± Mormont¡¯s raven screamed as it flapped in noisy circles about their heads. ¡°Old, old, old.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Quiet,¡± Mormont growled up at the bird. The Old Bear was too proud to admit to weakness, but Jon was not deceived. The strain of keeping up with younger men was taking its toll. 
¡¡¡¡¡°These heights will be easy to defend, if need be,¡± Thoren pointed out as he walked his horse along the ring of stones, his sable-trimmed cloak stirring in the wind. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Yes, this place will do.¡± The Old Bear lifted a hand to the wind, and raven landed on his forearm, claws scrabbling against his black ringmail. 
¡¡¡¡¡°What about water, my lord?¡± Jon wondered. 
¡¡¡¡¡°We crossed a brook at the foot of the hill.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°A long climb for a drink,¡± Jon pointed out, ¡°and outside the ring of stones.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Thoren said, ¡°Are you too lazy to climb a hill, boy?¡± 
¡¡¡¡When Lord Mormont said, ¡°We¡¯re not like to find another place as strong. We¡¯ll carry water, and make certain we are well supplied,¡± Jon knew better than to argue. So the command was given, and the brothers of the Night¡¯s Watch raised their camp behind the stone ring the First Men had made. Black tents sprouted like mushrooms after a rain, and blankets and bedrolls covered the bare ground. Stewards tethered the garrons in long lines, and saw them fed and watered. Foresters took their axes to the trees in the waning afternoon light to harvest enough wood to see them through the night. A score of builders set to clearing brush, digging latrines, and untying their bundles of fire-hardened stakes. ¡°I will have every opening in the ringwall ditched and staked before dark,¡± the Old Bear had commanded. 
¡¡¡¡Once he¡¯d put up the Lord Commander¡¯s tent and seen to their horses, Jon Snow descended the hill in search of Ghost. The direwolf came at once, all in silence. One moment Jon was striding beneath the trees, whistling and shouting, alone in the green, pinecones and fallen leaves under his feet; the next, the great white direwolf was walking beside him, pale as morning mist. 
¡¡¡¡But when they reached the ringfort, Ghost balked again. He padded forward warily to sniff at the gap in the stones, and then retreated, as if he did not like what he¡¯d smelled. Jon tried to grab him by the scruff of his neck and haul him bodily inside the ring, no easy task; the wolf weighed as much as he did, and was stronger by far. ¡°Ghost, what¡¯s wrong with you?¡± It was not like him to be so unsettled. In the end Jon had to give it up. ¡°As you will,¡± he told the wolf. ¡°Go, hunt.¡± The red eyes watched him as he made his way back through the mossy stones. 
