¡¡¡¡¡°False envoys,¡± Edmure declared. ¡°They pledged me their peace and surrendered their weapons, so I allowed them freedom of the castle, and for three nights they ate my meat and drank my mead whilst I talked with Ser Cleos. On the fourth night, they tried to free the Kingslayer.¡± He pointed up. ¡°That big brute killed two guards with naught but those ham hands of his, caught them by the throats and smashed their skulls together while that skinny lad beside him was opening Lannister¡¯s cell with a bit of wire, gods curse him. The one on the end was some sort of damned mummer. He used my own voice to command that the River Gate be opened. The guardsmen swear to it, Enger and Delp and Long Lew, all three. If you ask me, the man sounded nothing like me, and yet the oafs were raising the portcullis all the same.¡± 
¡¡¡¡This was the Imp¡¯s work, Catelyn suspected; it stank of the same sort of cunning he had displayed at the Eyrie. Once, she would have named Tyrion the least dangerous of the Lannisters. Now she was not so certain. ¡°How is it you caught them?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Ah, as it happened, I was not in the castle. I¡¯d crossed the Tumblestone to, ah . . .¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°You were whoring or wenching. Get on with the tale.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Edmure¡¯s cheeks flamed as red as his beard. ¡°It was the hour before dawn, and I was only then returning. When Long Lew saw my boat and recognized me, he finally thought to wonder who was standing below barking commands, and raised a cry.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Tell me the Kingslayer was retaken.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Yes, though not easily. Jaime got hold of a sword, slew Poul Pernford and Ser Desmond¡¯s squire Myles, and wounded Delp so badly that Maester Vyman fears he¡¯ll soon die as well. It was a bloody mess. At the sound of steel, some of the other red cloaks rushed to join him, barehand or no. I hanged those beside the four who freed him, and threw the rest in the dungeons. Jaime too. We¡¯ll have no more escapes from that one. He¡¯s down in the dark this time, chained hand and foot and bolted to the wall.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°And Cleos Frey?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°He swears he knew naught of the plot. Who can say? The man is half Lannister, half Frey, and all liar. I put him in Jaime¡¯s old tower cell.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°You say he brought terms?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°If you can call them that. You¡¯ll like them no more than I did, I promise.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Can we hope for no help from the south, Lady Stark?¡± asked Utherydes Wayn, her father¡¯s steward. ¡°This charge of incest . . . Lord Tywin does not suffer such slights lightly. He will seek to wash the stain from his daughter¡¯s name with the blood of her accuser, Lord Stannis must see that. He has no choice but to make common cause with us.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Stannis has made common cause with a power greater and darker. ¡°Let us speak of these matters later.¡± Catelyn trotted over the drawbridge, putting the grisly row of dead Lannisters behind her. Her brother kept pace. As they rode out into the bustle of Riverrun¡¯s upper bailey, a naked toddler ran in front of the horses. Catelyn jerked her reins hard to avoid him, glancing about in dismay. Hundreds of smallfolk had been admitted to the castle, and allowed to erect crude shelters against the walls. Their children were everywhere underfoot, and the yard teemed with their cows, sheep, and chickens. ¡°Who are all these folk?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°My people,¡± Edmure answered. ¡°They were afraid.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Only my sweet brother would crowd all these useless mouths into a castle that might soon be under siege. Catelyn knew that Edmure had a soft heart; sometimes she thought his head was even softer. She loved him for it, yet still . . . 
¡¡¡¡¡°Can Robb be reached by raven?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°He¡¯s in the field, my lady,¡± Ser Desmond replied. ¡°The bird would have no way to find him.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Utherydes Wayn coughed. ¡°Before he left us, the young king instructed us to send you on to the Twins upon your return, Lady Stark. He asks that you learn more of Lord Walder¡¯s daughters, to help him select his bride when the time comes.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°We¡¯ll provide you with fresh mounts and provisions,¡± her brother promised. ¡°You¡¯ll want to refresh yourself before¡ª¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I¡¯ll want to stay,¡± Catelyn said, dismounting. She had no intention of leaving Riverrun and her dying father to pick Robb¡¯s wife for him. Robb wants me safe, I cannot fault him for that, but his pretext is growing threadbare. ¡°Boy,¡± she called, and an urchin from the stables ran out to take the reins of her horse. 
¡¡¡¡Edmure swung down from his saddle. He was a head taller than she was, but he would always be her little brother. ¡°Cat,¡± he said unhappily, ¡°Lord Tywin is coming¡ª¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°He is making for the west, to defend his own lands. If we close our gates and shelter behind the walls, we can watch him pass with safety.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°This is Tully land,¡± Edmure declared. ¡°If Tywin Lannister thinks to cross it unbloodied, I mean to teach him a hard lesson.¡± 
