¡¡¡¡The women in grey bowed their heads. The silent sisters do not speak to the living, Catelyn remembered dully, but some say they can talk to the dead. And how she envied that . . . 
¡¡¡¡CHAPTER 40 
¡¡¡¡DAENERYS 
¡¡¡¡The drapes kept out the dust and heat of the streets, but they could not keep out disappointment. Dany climbed inside wearily, glad for the refuge from the sea of Qartheen eyes. ¡°Make way,¡± Jhogo shouted at the crowd from horseback, snapping his whip, ¡°make way, make way for the Mother of Dragons.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Reclining on cool satin cushions, Xaro Xhoan Daxos poured ruby-red wine into matched goblets of jade and gold, his hands sure and steady despite the sway of the palanquin. ¡°I see a deep sadness written upon your face, my light of love.¡± He offered her a goblet. ¡°Could it be the sadness of a lost dream?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°A dream delayed, no more.¡± Dany¡¯s tight silver collar was chafing against her throat. She unfastened it and flung it aside. The collar was set with an enchanted amethyst that Xaro swore would ward her against all poisons. The Pureborn were notorious for offering poisoned wine to those they thought dangerous, but they had not given Dany so much as a cup of water. They never saw me for a queen, she thought bitterly. I was only an afternoon¡¯s amusement, a horse girl with a curious pet. 
¡¡¡¡Rhaegal hissed and dug sharp black claws into her bare shoulder as Dany stretched out a hand for the wine. Wincing, she shifted him to her other shoulder, where he could claw her gown instead of her skin. She was garbed after the Qartheen fashion. Xaro had warned her that the Enthroned would never listen to a Dothraki, so she had taken care to go before them in flowing green samite with one breast bared, silvered sandals on her feet, with a belt of black-and-white pearls about her waist. For all the help they offered, I could have gone naked. Perhaps I should have. She drank deep. 
¡¡¡¡Descendants of the ancient kings and queens of Qarth, the Pureborn commanded the Civic Guard and the fleet of ornate galleys that ruled the straits between the seas. Daenerys Targaryen had wanted that fleet, or part of it, and some of their soldiers as well. She made the traditional sacrifice in the Temple of Memory, offered the traditional bribe to the Keeper of the Long List, sent the traditional persimmon to the opener of the Door, and finally received the traditional blue silk slippers summoning her to the Hall of a Thousand Thrones. 
¡¡¡¡The Pureborn heard her pleas from the great wooden seats of their ancestors, rising in curved tiers from a marble floor to a high-domed ceiling painted with scenes of Qarth¡¯s vanished glory. The chairs were immense, fantastically carved, bright with goldwork and studded with amber, onyx, lapis, and jade, each one different from all the others, and each striving to be the most fabulous. Yet the men who sat in them seemed so listless and world-weary that they might have been asleep. They listened, but they did not hear, or care, she thought. They are Milk Men indeed. They never meant to help me. They came because they were curious. They came because they were bored, and the dragon on my shoulder interested them more than I did. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Tell me the words of the Pureborn,¡± prompted Xaro Xhoan Daxos. ¡°Tell me what they said to sadden the queen of my heart.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°They said no.¡± The wine tasted of pomegranates and hot summer days. ¡°They said it with great courtesy, to be sure, but under all the lovely words, it was still no.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Did you flatter them?¡± ¡°Shamelessly.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Did you weep?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°The blood of the dragon does not weep,¡± she said testily. 
¡¡¡¡Xaro sighed. ¡°You ought to have wept.¡± The Qartheen wept often and easily; it was considered a mark of the civilized man. ¡°The men we bought, what did they say?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Mathos said nothing. Wendello praised the way I spoke. The Exquisite refused me with the rest, but he wept afterward.¡± 
¡¡¡¡, ¡®Alas, that Qartheen should be so faithless.¡± Xaro was not himself of the Pureborn, but he had told her whom to bribe and how much to offer. ¡°Weep, weep, for the treachery of men.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Dany would sooner have wept for her gold. The bribes she¡¯d tendered to Mathos Mallarawan, Wendello Qar Deeth, and Egon Emeros the Exquisite might have bought her a ship, or hired a score of sellswords. ¡°Suppose I sent Ser Jorah to demand the return of my gifts?¡± she asked. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Suppose a Sorrowful Man came to my palace one night and killed you as you slept,¡± said Xaro. The Sorrowful Men were an ancient sacred guild of assassins, so named because they always whispered, ¡°I am so sorry,¡± to their victims before they killed them. The Qartheen were nothing if not polite. ¡°It is wisely said that it is easier to milk the Stone Cow of Faros than to wring gold from the Pureborn.¡± 
