   ¡°Just so. Now we will begin the dance. Remember, child, this is not the iron dance of Westeros we are learning, the knight¡¯s dance, hacking and hammering, no. This is the bravo¡¯s dance, the water dance, swift and sudden. All men are made of water, do you know this? When you pierce them, the water leaks out and they die.¡± He took a step backward, raised his own wooden blade. ¡°Now you will try to strike me.¡±
   Arya tried to strike him. She tried for four hours, until every muscle in her body was sore and aching, while Syrio Forel clicked his teeth together and told her what to do.
   The next day their real work began.
   
   23£®DAENERYS
   The Dothraki sea,¡± Ser Jorah Mormont said as he reined to a halt beside her on the top of the ridge. beneath them, the plain stretched out immense and empty, a vast flat expanse that reached to the distant horizon and beyond. It was a sea, Dany thought. Past here, there were no hills, no mountains, no trees nor cities nor roads, only the endless grasses, the tall blades rippling like waves when the winds blew. ¡°It¡¯s so green,¡± she said.
   ¡°Here and now,¡± Ser Jorah agreed. ¡°You ought to see it when it blooms, all dark red flowers from horizon to horizon, like a sea of blood. Come the dry season, and the world turns the color of old bronze. And this is only hranna, child. There are a hundred kinds of grass out there, grasses as yellow as lemon and as dark as indigo, blue grasses and orange grasses and grasses like rainbows. Down in the Shadow Lands beyond Asshai, they say there are oceans of ghost grass, taller than a man on horseback with stalks as pale as milkglass. It murders all other grass and glows in the dark with the spirits of the damned. The Dothraki claim that someday ghost grass will cover the entire world, and then all life will end.¡±
   That thought gave Dany the shivers. ¡°I don¡¯t want to talk about that now,¡± she said. ¡°It¡¯s so beautiful here, I don¡¯t want to think about everything dying.¡±
   ¡°As you will, Khaleesi,¡± Ser Jorah said respectfully.
   She heard the sound of voices and turned to look behind her. She and Mormont had outdistanced the rest of their party, and now the others were climbing the ridge below them. Her handmaid Irri and the young archers of her khas were fluid as centaurs, but Viserys still struggled with the short stirrups and the flat saddle. Her brother was miserable out here. He ought never have come. Magister Illyrio had urged him to wait in Pentos, had offered him the hospitality of his manse, but Viserys would have none of it. He would stay with Drogo until the debt had been paid, until he had the crown he had been promised. ¡°And if he tries to cheat me, he will learn to his sorrow what it means to wake the dragon,¡± Viserys had vowed, laying a hand on his borrowed sword. Illyrio had blinked at that and wished him good fortune.
   Dany realized that she did not want to listen to any of her brother¡¯s complaints right now. The day was too perfect. The sky was a deep blue, and high above them a hunting hawk circled. The grass sea swayed and sighed with each breath of wind, the air was warm on her face, and Dany felt at peace. She would not let Viserys spoil it.
   ¡°Wait here,¡± Dany told Ser Jorah. ¡°Tell them all to stay. Tell them I command it.¡±
   The knight smiled. Ser Jorah was not a handsome man. He had a neck and shoulders like a bull, and coarse black hair covered his arms and chest so thickly that there was none left for his head. Yet his smiles gave Dany comfort. ¡°You are learning to talk like a queen, Daenerys.¡±
   ¡°Not a queen,¡± said Dany. ¡°A khaleesi.¡± She wheeled her horse about and galloped down the ridge alone.
   The descent was steep and rocky, but Dany rode fearlessly, and the joy and the danger of it were a song in her heart. All her life Viserys had told her she was a princess, but not until she rode her silver had Daenerys Targaryen ever felt like one.
   At first it had not come easy. The khalasar had broken camp the morning after her wedding, moving east toward Vaes Dothrak, and by the third day Dany thought she was going to die. Saddle sores opened on her bottom, hideous and bloody. Her thighs were chafed raw, her hands blistered from the reins, the muscles of her legs and back so wracked with pain that she could scarcely sit. By the time dusk fell, her handmaids would need to help her down from her mount.
