   At the bottom of the ridge, the grasses rose around her, tall and supple. Dany slowed to a trot and rode out onto the plain, losing herself in the green, blessedly alone. In the khalasar she was never alone. Khal Drogo came to her only after the sun went down, but her handmaids fed her and bathed her and slept by the door of her tent, Drogo¡¯s bloodriders and the men of her khas were never far, and her brother was an unwelcome shadow, day and night. Dany could hear him on the top of the ridge, his voice shrill with anger as he shouted at Ser Jorah. She rode on, submerging herself deeper in the Dothraki sea.
   The green swallowed her up. The air was rich with the scents of earth and grass, mixed with the smell of horseflesh and Dany¡¯s sweat and the oil in her hair. Dothraki smells. They seemed to belong here. Dany breathed it all in, laughing. She had a sudden urge to feel the ground beneath her, to curl her toes in that thick black soil. Swinging down from her saddle, she let the silver graze while she pulled off her high boots.
   Viserys came upon her as sudden as a summer storm, his horse rearing beneath him as he reined up too hard. ¡°You dare!¡± he screamed at her. ¡°You give commands to me? To me?¡± He vaulted off the horse, stumbling as he landed. His face was flushed as he struggled back to his feet. He grabbed her, shook her. ¡°Have you forgotten who you are? Look at you. Look at you!¡±
   Dany did not need to look. She was barefoot, with oiled hair, wearing Dothraki riding leathers and a painted vest given her as a bride gift. She looked as though she belonged here. Viserys was soiled and stained in city silks and ringmail.
   He was still screaming. ¡°You do not command the dragon. Do you understand? I am the Lord of the Seven Kingdoms, I will not hear orders from some horselord¡¯s slut, do you hear me?¡± His hand went under her vest, his fingers digging painfully into her breast. ¡°Do you hear me?¡±
   Dany shoved him away, hard.
   Viserys stared at her, his lilac eyes incredulous. She had never defied him. Never fought back. Rage twisted his features. He would hurt her now, and badly, she knew that.
   Crack.
   The whip made a sound like thunder. The coil took Viserys around the throat and yanked him backward. He went sprawling in the grass, stunned and choking. The Dothraki riders hooted at him as he struggled to free himself. The one with the whip, young Jhogo, rasped a question. Dany did not understand his words, but by then Irri was there, and Ser Jorah, and the rest of her khas. ¡°Jhogo asks if you would have him dead, Khaleesi, ¡° Irri said.
   ¡°No,¡± Dany replied. ¡°No.¡±
   Jhogo understood that. One of the others barked out a comment, and the Dothraki laughed. Irri told her, ¡°Quaro thinks you should take an ear to teach him respect.¡±
   Her brother was on his knees, his fingers digging under the leather coils, crying incoherently, struggling for breath. The whip was tight around his windpipe.
   ¡°Tell them I do not wish him harmed,¡± Dany said.
   Irri repeated her words in Dothraki. Jhogo gave a pull on the whip, yanking Viserys around like a puppet on a string. He went sprawling again, freed from the leather embrace, a thin line of blood under his chin where the whip had cut deep.
   ¡°I warned him what would happen, my lady,¡± Ser Jorah Mormont said. ¡°I told him to stay on the ridge, as you commanded.¡±
   ¡°I know you did,¡± Dany replied, watching Viserys. He lay on the ground, sucking in air noisily, red-faced and sobbing. He was a pitiful thing. He had always been a pitiful thing. Why had she never seen that before? There was a hollow place inside her where her fear had been.
   ¡°Take his horse,¡± Dany commanded Ser Jorah. Viserys gaped at her. He could not believe what he was hearing; nor could Dany quite believe what she was saying. Yet the words came. ¡°Let my brother walk behind us back to the khalasar.¡± Among the Dothraki, the man who does not ride was no man at all, the lowest of the low, without honor or pride. ¡°Let everyone see him as he is.¡±
   ¡°No!¡± Viserys screamed. He turned to Ser Jorah, pleading in the Common Tongue with words the horsemen would not understand. ¡°Hit her, Mormont. Hurt her. Your king commands it. Kill these Dothraki dogs and teach her.¡±
   The exile knight looked from Dany to her brother; she barefoot, with dirt between her toes and oil in her hair, he with his silks and steel. Dany could see the decision on his face. ¡°He shall walk, Khaleesi,¡± he said. He took her brother¡¯s horse in hand while Dany remounted her silver.
   Viserys gaped at him, and sat down in the dirt. He kept his silence, but he would not move, and his eyes were full of poison as they rode away. Soon he was lost in the tall grass. When they could not see him anymore, Dany grew afraid. ¡°Will he find his way back?¡± she asked Ser Jorah as they rode.
   ¡°Even a man as blind as your brother should be able to follow our trail,¡± he replied.
