   ¡°He was going to be a knight,¡± Arya was saying now. ¡°A knight of the Kingsguard. Can he still be a knight?¡±
   ¡°No,¡± Ned said. He saw no use in lying to her. ¡°Yet someday he may be the lord of a great holdfast and sit on the king¡¯s council. He might raise castles like Brandon the Builder, or sail a ship across the Sunset Sea, or enter your mother¡¯s Faith and become the High Septon.¡± But he will never run beside his wolf again, he thought with a sadness too deep for words, or lie with a woman, or hold his own son in his arms.
   Arya cocked her head to one side. ¡°Can I be a king¡¯s councillor and build castles and become the High Septon?¡±
   ¡°You,¡± Ned said, kissing her lightly on the brow, ¡°will marry a king and rule his castle, and your sons will be knights and princes and lords and, yes, perhaps even a High Septon.¡±
   Arya screwed up her face. ¡°No,¡± she said, ¡°that¡¯s Sansa.¡± She folded up her right leg and resumed her balancing. Ned sighed and left her there.
   Inside his chambers, he stripped off his sweat-stained silks and sluiced cold water over his head from the basin beside the bed. Alyn entered as he was drying his face. ¡°My lord,¡± he said, ¡°Lord Baelish is without and begs audience.¡±
   ¡°Escort him to my solar,¡± Ned said, reaching for a fresh tunic, the lightest linen he could find. ¡°I¡¯ll see him at once.¡±
   Littlefinger was perched on the window seat when Ned entered, watching the knights of the Kingsguard practice at swords in the yard below. ¡°If only old Selmy¡¯s mind were as nimble as his blade,¡± he said wistfully, ¡°our council meetings would be a good deal livelier.¡±
   ¡°Ser Barristan is as valiant and honorable as any man in King¡¯s Landing.¡± Ned had come to have a deep respect for the aged, white-haired Lord Commander of the Kingsguard.
   ¡°And as tiresome,¡± Littlefinger added, ¡°though I daresay he should do well in the tourney. Last year he unhorsed the Hound, and it was only four years ago that he was champion.¡±
   The question of who might win the tourney interested Eddard Stark not in the least. ¡°Is there a reason for this visit, Lord Petyr, or are you here simply to enjoy the view from my window?¡±
   Littlefinger smiled. ¡°I promised Cat I would help you in your inquiries, and so I have.¡±
   That took Ned aback. Promise or no promise, he could not find it in him to trust Lord Petyr Baelish, who struck him as too clever by half. ¡°You have something for me?¡±
   ¡°Someone,¡± Littlefinger corrected. ¡°Four someones, if truth be told. Had you thought to question the Hand¡¯s servants?¡±
   Ned frowned. ¡°Would that I could. Lady Arryn took her household back to the Eyrie.¡± Lysa had done him no favor in that regard. All those who had stood closest to her husband had gone with her when she fled: Jon¡¯s maester, his steward, the captain of his guard, his knights and retainers.
   ¡°Most of her household,¡± Littlefinger said, ¡°not all. A few remain. A pregnant kitchen girl hastily wed to one of Lord Renly¡¯s grooms, a stablehand who joined the City Watch, a potboy discharged from service for theft, and Lord Arryn¡¯s squire.¡±
   ¡°His squire?¡± Ned was pleasantly surprised. A man¡¯s squire often knew a great deal of his comings and goings.
   ¡°Ser Hugh of the Vale,¡± Littlefinger named him. ¡°The king knighted the boy after Lord Arryn¡¯s death.¡±
   ¡°I shall send for him,¡± Ned said. ¡°And the others.¡±
   Littlefinger winced. ¡°My lord, step over here to the window, if you would be so kind.¡±
   ¡°Why?¡±
   ¡°Come, and I¡¯ll show you, my lord.¡±
   Frowning, Ned crossed to the window. Petyr Baelish made a casual gesture. ¡°There, across the yard, at the door of the armory, do you see the boy squatting by the steps honing a sword with an oilstone?¡±
   ¡°What of him?¡±
   ¡°He reports to Varys. The Spider has taken a great interest in you and all your doings.¡± He shifted in the window seat. ¡°Now glance at the wall. Farther west, above the stables. The guardsman leaning on the ramparts?¡±
   Ned saw the man. ¡°Another of the eunuch¡¯s whisperers?¡±
   ¡°No, this one belongs to the queen. Notice that he enjoys a fine view of the door to this tower, the better to note who calls on you. There are others, many unknown even to me. The Red Keep is full of eyes. Why do you think I hid Cat in a brothel?¡±
   Eddard Stark had no taste for these intrigues. ¡°Seven hells,¡± he swore. It did seem as though the man on the walls was watching him. Suddenly uncomfortable, Ned moved away from the window. ¡°Is everyone someone¡¯s informer in this cursed city?¡±
   ¡°Scarcely,¡± said Littlefinger. He counted on the fingers on his hand. ¡°Why, there¡¯s me, you, the king?.?.?.?although, come to think on it, the king tells the queen much too much, and I¡¯m less than certain about you.¡± He stood up. ¡°Is there a man in your service that you trust utterly and completely?¡±
   ¡°Yes,¡± said Ned.
