   ¡°The bald one? No, not him. He never said no word, just glared at me, like I was some raper who done for his daughter.¡±
   ¡°Mind your filthy tongue,¡± the master said. ¡°This is the King¡¯s own Hand.¡± The boy lowered his eyes. ¡°A smart boy, but stubborn. That helm?.?.?.? the others call him bullheaded, so he threw it in their teeth.¡±
   Ned touched the boy¡¯s head, fingering the thick black hair. ¡°Look at me, Gendry.¡± The apprentice lifted his face. Ned studied the shape of his jaw, the eyes like blue ice. Yes, he thought, I see it. ¡°Go back to your work, lad. I¡¯m sorry to have bothered you.¡± He walked back to the house with the master. ¡°Who paid the boy¡¯s apprentice fee?¡± he asked lightly.
   Mott looked fretful. ¡°You saw the boy. Such a strong boy. Those hands of his, those hands were made for hammers. He had such promise, I took him on without a fee.¡±
   ¡°The truth now,¡± Ned urged. ¡°The streets are full of strong boys. The day you take on an apprentice without a fee will be the day the Wall comes down. Who paid for him?¡±
   ¡°A lord,¡± the master said reluctantly. ¡°He gave no name, and wore no sigil on his coat. He paid in gold, twice the customary sum, and said he was paying once for the boy, and once for my silence.¡±
   ¡°Describe him.¡±
   ¡°He was stout, round of shoulder, not so tall as you. Brown beard, but there was a bit of red in it, I¡¯ll swear. He wore a rich cloak, that I do remember, heavy purple velvet worked with silver threads, but the hood shadowed his face and I never did see him clear.¡± He hesitated a moment. ¡°My lord, I want no trouble.¡±
   ¡°None of us wants trouble, but I fear these are troubled times, Master Mott,¡± Ned said. ¡°You know who the boy is.¡±
   ¡°I am only an armorer, my lord. I know what I¡¯m told.¡±
   ¡°You know who the boy is,¡± Ned repeated patiently. ¡°That is not a question.¡±
   ¡°The boy is my apprentice,¡± the master said. He looked Ned in the eye, stubborn as old iron. ¡°Who he was before he came to me, that¡¯s none of my concern.¡±
   Ned nodded. He decided that he liked Tobho Mott, master armorer. ¡°If the day ever comes when Gendry would rather wield a sword than forge one, send him to me. He has the look of a warrior. Until then, you have my thanks, Master Mott, and my promise. Should I ever want a helm to frighten children, this will be the first place I visit.¡±
   His guard was waiting outside with the horses. ¡°Did you find anything, my lord?¡± Jacks asked as Ned mounted up.
   ¡°I did,¡± Ned told him, wondering. What had Jon Arryn wanted with a king¡¯s bastard, and why was it worth his life?
   
   28£®CATELYN
   My lady, you ought cover your head,¡± Ser Rodrik told her as their horses plodded north. ¡°You will take a chill.¡±
   ¡°It is only water, Ser Rodrik,¡± Catelyn replied. Her hair hung wet and heavy, a loose strand stuck to her forehead, and she could imagine how ragged and wild she must look, but for once she did not care. The southern rain was soft and warm. Catelyn liked the feel of it on her face, gentle as a mother¡¯s kisses. It took her back to her childhood, to long grey days at Riverrun. She remembered the godswood, drooping branches heavy with moisture, and the sound of her brother¡¯s laughter as he chased her through piles of damp leaves. She remembered making mud pies with Lysa, the weight of them, the mud slick and brown between her fingers. They had served them to Littlefinger, giggling, and he¡¯d eaten so much mud he was sick for a week. How young they all had been.
   Catelyn had almost forgotten. In the north, the rain fell cold and hard, and sometimes at night it turned to ice. It was as likely to kill a crop as nurture it, and it sent grown men running for the nearest shelter. That was no rain for little girls to play in.
   ¡°I am soaked through,¡± Ser Rodrik complained. ¡°Even my bones are wet.¡± The woods pressed close around them, and the steady pattering of rain on leaves was accompanied by the small sucking sounds their horses made as their hooves pulled free of the mud. ¡°We will want a fire tonight, my lady, and a hot meal would serve us both.¡±
   ¡°There is an inn at the crossroads up ahead,¡± Catelyn told him. She had slept many a night there in her youth, traveling with her father. Lord Hoster Tully had been a restless man in his prime, always riding somewhere. She still remembered the innkeep, a fat woman named Masha Heddle who chewed sourleaf night and day and seemed to have an endless supply of smiles and sweet cakes for the children. The sweet cakes had been soaked with honey, rich and heavy on the tongue, but how Catelyn had dreaded those smiles. The sourleaf had stained Masha¡¯s teeth a dark red, and made her smile a bloody horror.
