   The dwarf had not so much as glanced toward the far end of the room, and Catelyn was thinking how grateful she was for the crowded benches between them when suddenly Marillion bounded to his feet. ¡°My lord of Lannister!¡± he called out. ¡°I would be pleased to entertain you while you eat. Let me sing you the lay of your father¡¯s great victory at King¡¯s Landing!¡±
   ¡°Nothing would be more likely to ruin my supper,¡± the dwarf said dryly. His mismatched eyes considered the singer briefly, started to move away?.?.?.?and found Catelyn. He looked at her for a moment, puzzled. She turned her face away, but too late. The dwarf was smiling. ¡°Lady Stark, what an unexpected pleasure,¡± he said. ¡°I was sorry to miss you at Winterfell.¡±
   Marillion gaped at her, confusion giving way to chagrin as Catelyn rose slowly to her feet. She heard Ser Rodrik curse. If only the man had lingered at the Wall, she thought, if only?.?.?.?
   ¡°Lady?.?.?.?Stark?¡± Masha Heddle said thickly.
   ¡°I was still Catelyn Tully the last time I bedded here,¡± she told the innkeep. She could hear the muttering, feel the eyes upon her. Catelyn glanced around the room, at the faces of the knights and sworn swords, and took a deep breath to slow the frantic beating of her heart. Did she dare take the risk? There was no time to think it through, only the moment and the sound of her own voice ringing in her ears. ¡°You in the corner,¡± she said to an older man she had not noticed until now. ¡°Is that the black bat of Harrenhal I see embroidered on your surcoat, ser?¡±
   The man got to his feet. ¡°It is, my lady.¡±
   ¡°And is Lady Whent a true and honest friend to my father, Lord Hoster Tully of Riverrun?¡±
   ¡°She is,¡± the man replied stoutly.
   Ser Rodrik rose quietly and loosened his sword in its scabbard. The dwarf was blinking at them, blank-faced, with puzzlement in his mismatched eyes.
   ¡°The red stallion was ever a welcome sight in Riverrun,¡± she said to the trio by the fire. ¡°My father counts Jonos Bracken among his oldest and most loyal bannermen.¡±
   The three men-at-arms exchanged uncertain looks. ¡°Our lord is honored by his trust,¡± one of them said hesitantly.
   ¡°I envy your father all these fine friends,¡± Lannister quipped, ¡°but I do not quite see the purpose of this, Lady Stark.¡±
   She ignored him, turning to the large party in blue and grey. They were the heart of the matter; there were more than twenty of them. ¡°I know your sigil as well: the twin towers of Frey. How fares your good lord, sers?¡±
   Their captain rose. ¡°Lord Walder is well, my lady. He plans to take a new wife on his ninetieth name day, and has asked your lord father to honor the wedding with his presence.¡±
   Tyrion Lannister sniggered. That was when Catelyn knew he was hers. ¡°This man came a guest into my house, and there conspired to murder my son, a boy of seven,¡± she proclaimed to the room at large, pointing. Ser Rodrik moved to her side, his sword in hand. ¡°In the name of King Robert and the good lords you serve, I call upon you to seize him and help me return him to Winterfell to await the king¡¯s justice.¡±
   She did not know what was more satisfying: the sound of a dozen swords drawn as one or the look on Tyrion Lannister¡¯s face.
   
   29£®SANSA
   Sansa rode to the Hand¡¯s tourney with Septa Mordane and Jeyne Poole, in a litter with curtains of yellow silk so fine she could see right through them. They turned the whole world gold. Beyond the city walls, a hundred pavilions had been raised beside the river, and the common folk came out in the thousands to watch the games. The splendor of it all took Sansa¡¯s breath away; the shining armor, the great chargers caparisoned in silver and gold, the shouts of the crowd, the banners snapping in the wind?.?.?.?and the knights themselves, the knights most of all.
   ¡°It is better than the songs,¡± she whispered when they found the places that her father had promised her, among the high lords and ladies. Sansa was dressed beautifully that day, in a green gown that brought out the auburn of her hair, and she knew they were looking at her and smiling.
