   Ned had hoped to discover the king still abed in a wine-soaked sleep, but luck was not with him. They found Robert drinking beer from a polished horn and roaring his displeasure at two young squires who were trying to buckle him into his armor. ¡°Your Grace,¡± one was saying, almost in tears, ¡°it¡¯s made too small, it won¡¯t go.¡± He fumbled, and the gorget he was trying to fit around Robert¡¯s thick neck tumbled to the ground.
   ¡°Seven hells!¡± Robert swore. ¡°Do I have to do it myself? Piss on the both of you. Pick it up. Don¡¯t just stand there gaping, Lancel, pick it up!¡± The lad jumped, and the king noticed his company. ¡°Look at these oafs, Ned. My wife insisted I take these two to squire for me, and they¡¯re worse than useless. Can¡¯t even put a man¡¯s armor on him properly. Squires, they say. I say they¡¯re swineherds dressed up in silk.¡±
   Ned only needed a glance to understand the difficulty. ¡°The boys are not at fault,¡± he told the king. ¡°You¡¯re too fat for your armor, Robert.¡±
   Robert Baratheon took a long swallow of beer, tossed the empty horn onto his sleeping furs, wiped his mouth with the back of his hand, and said darkly, ¡°Fat? Fat, is it? Is that how you speak to your king?¡± He let go his laughter, sudden as a storm. ¡°Ah, damn you, Ned, why are you always right?¡±
   The squires smiled nervously until the king turned on them. ¡°You. Yes, both of you. You heard the Hand. The king is too fat for his armor. Go find Ser Aron Santagar. Tell him I need the breastplate stretcher. Now! What are you waiting for?¡±
   The boys tripped over each other in their haste to be quit of the tent. Robert managed to keep a stern face until they were gone. Then he dropped back into a chair, shaking with laughter.
   Ser Barristan Selmy chuckled with him. Even Eddard Stark managed a smile. Always, though, the graver thoughts crept in. He could not help taking note of the two squires: handsome boys, fair and well made. One was Sansa¡¯s age, with long golden curls; the other perhaps fifteen, sandy-haired, with a wisp of a mustache and the emerald-green eyes of the queen.
   ¡°Ah, I wish I could be there to see Santagar¡¯s face,¡± Robert said. ¡°I hope he¡¯ll have the wit to send them to someone else. We ought to keep them running all day!¡±
   ¡°Those boys,¡± Ned asked him. ¡°Lannisters?¡±
   Robert nodded, wiping tears from his eyes. ¡°Cousins. Sons of Lord Tywin¡¯s brother. One of the dead ones. Or perhaps the live one, now that I come to think on it. I don¡¯t recall. My wife comes from a very large family, Ned.¡±
   A very ambitious family, Ned thought. He had nothing against the squires, but it troubled him to see Robert surrounded by the queen¡¯s kin, waking and sleeping. The Lannister appetite for offices and honors seemed to know no bounds. ¡°The talk is you and the queen had angry words last night.¡±
   The mirth curdled on Robert¡¯s face. ¡°The woman tried to forbid me to fight in the melee. She¡¯s sulking in the castle now, damn her. Your sister would never have shamed me like that.¡±
   ¡°You never knew Lyanna as I did, Robert,¡± Ned told him. ¡°You saw her beauty, but not the iron underneath. She would have told you that you have no business in the melee.¡±
   ¡°You too?¡± The king frowned. ¡°You are a sour man, Stark. Too long in the north, all the juices have frozen inside you. Well, mine are still running.¡± He slapped his chest to prove it.
   ¡°You are the king,¡± Ned reminded him.
   ¡°I sit on the damn iron seat when I must. Does that mean I don¡¯t have the same hungers as other men? A bit of wine now and again, a girl squealing in bed, the feel of a horse between my legs? Seven hells, Ned, I want to hit someone.¡±
   Ser Barristan Selmy spoke up. ¡°Your Grace,¡± he said, ¡°it is not seemly that the king should ride into the melee. It would not be a fair contest. Who would dare strike you?¡±
   Robert seemed honestly taken aback. ¡°Why, all of them, damn it. If they can. And the last man left standing?.?.?.?¡±
   ¡°?.?.?.?will be you,¡± Ned finished. He saw at once that Selmy had hit the mark. The dangers of the melee were only a savor to Robert, but this touched on his pride. ¡°Ser Barristan is right. There¡¯s not a man in the Seven Kingdoms who would dare risk your displeasure by hurting you.¡±
   The king rose to his feet, his face flushed. ¡°Are you telling me those prancing cravens will let me win?¡±
   ¡°For a certainty,¡± Ned said, and Ser Barristan Selmy bowed his head in silent accord.
   For a moment Robert was so angry he could not speak. He strode across the tent, whirled, strode back, his face dark and angry. He snatched up his breastplate from the ground and threw it at Barristan Selmy in a wordless fury. Selmy dodged. ¡°Get out,¡± the king said then, coldly. ¡°Get out before I kill you.¡±
   Ser Barristan left quickly. Ned was about to follow when the king called out again. ¡°Not you, Ned.¡±
