   A few feet away, Summer darted in and snapped at Hali. The knife bit at his flank. Summer slid away, snarling, and came rushing in again. This time his jaws closed around her calf. Holding the knife with both hands, the small woman stabbed down, but the direwolf seemed to sense the blade coming. He pulled free for an instant, his mouth full of leather and cloth and bloody flesh. When Hali stumbled and fell, he came at her again, slamming her backward, teeth tearing at her belly.
   The sixth man ran from the carnage?.?.?.?but not far. As he went scrambling up the far side of the bank, Grey Wind emerged from the stream, dripping wet. He shook the water off and bounded after the running man, hamstringing him with a single snap of his teeth, and going for the throat as the screaming man slid back down toward the water.
   And then there was no one left but the big man, Stiv. He slashed at Bran¡¯s chest strap, grabbed his arm, and yanked. Suddenly Bran was falling. He sprawled on the ground, his legs tangled under him, one foot in the stream. He could not feel the cold of the water, but he felt the steel when Stiv pressed his dagger to his throat. ¡°Back away,¡± the man warned, ¡°or I¡¯ll open the boy¡¯s windpipe, I swear it.¡±
   Robb reined his horse in, breathing hard. The fury went out of his eyes, and his sword arm dropped.
   In that moment Bran saw everything. Summer was savaging Hali, pulling glistening blue snakes from her belly. Her eyes were wide and staring. Bran could not tell whether she was alive or dead. The grey stubbly man and the one with the axe lay unmoving, but Osha was on her knees, crawling toward her fallen spear. Grey Wind padded toward her, dripping wet. ¡°Call him off!¡± the big man shouted. ¡°Call them both off, or the cripple boy dies now!¡±
   ¡°Grey Wind, Summer, to me,¡± Robb said.
   The direwolves stopped, turned their heads. Grey Wind loped back to Robb. Summer stayed where he was, his eyes on Bran and the man beside him. He growled. His muzzle was wet and red, but his eyes burned.
   Osha used the butt end of her spear to lever herself back to her feet. Blood leaked from a wound on the upper arm where Robb had cut her. Bran could see sweat trickling down the big man¡¯s face. Stiv was as scared as he was, he realized. ¡°Starks,¡± the man muttered, ¡°bloody Starks.¡± He raised his voice. ¡°Osha, kill the wolves and get his sword.¡±
   ¡°Kill them yourself,¡± she replied. ¡°I¡¯ll not be getting near those monsters.¡±
   For a moment Stiv was at a loss. His hand trembled; Bran felt a trickle of blood where the knife pressed against his neck. The stench of the man filled his nose; he smelled of fear. ¡°You,¡± he called out to Robb. ¡°You have a name?¡±
   ¡°I am Robb Stark, the heir to Winterfell.¡±
   ¡°This is your brother?¡±
   ¡°Yes.¡±
   ¡°You want him alive, you do what I say. Off the horse.¡±
   Robb hesitated a moment. Then, slowly and deliberately, he dismounted and stood with his sword in hand.
   ¡°Now kill the wolves.¡±
   Robb did not move.
   ¡°You do it. The wolves or the boy.¡±
   ¡°No!¡± Bran screamed. If Robb did as they asked, Stiv would kill them both anyway, once the direwolves were dead.
   The bald man took hold of his hair with his free hand and twisted it cruelly, till Bran sobbed in pain. ¡°You shut your mouth, cripple, you hear me?¡± He twisted harder. ¡°You hear me?¡±
   A low thrum came from the woods behind them. Stiv gave a choked gasp as a half foot of razor-tipped broadhead suddenly exploded out of his chest. The arrow was bright red, as if it had been painted in blood.
   The dagger fell away from Bran¡¯s throat. The big man swayed and collapsed, facedown in the stream. The arrow broke beneath him. Bran watched his life go swirling off in the water.
   Osha glanced around as Father¡¯s guardsmen appeared from beneath the trees, steel in hand. She threw down her spear. ¡°Mercy, m¡¯lord,¡± she called to Robb.
   The guardsmen had a strange, pale look to their faces as they took in the scene of slaughter. They eyed the wolves uncertainly, and when Summer returned to Hali¡¯s corpse to feed, Joseth dropped his knife and scrambled for the bush, heaving. Even Maester Luwin seemed shocked as he stepped from behind a tree, but only for an instant. Then he shook his head and waded across the stream to Bran¡¯s side. ¡°Are you hurt?¡±
   ¡°He cut my leg,¡± Bran said, ¡°but I couldn¡¯t feel it.¡±
   As the maester knelt to examine the wound, Bran turned his head. Theon Greyjoy stood beside a sentinel tree, his bow in hand. He was smiling. Ever smiling. A half-dozen arrows were thrust into the soft ground at his feet, but it had taken only one. ¡°A dead enemy is a thing of beauty,¡± he announced.
   ¡°Jon always said you were an ass, Greyjoy,¡± Robb said loudly. ¡°I ought to chain you up in the yard and let Bran take a few practice shots at you.¡±
   ¡°You should be thanking me for saving your brother¡¯s life.¡±
