   ¡°What if you had missed the shot?¡± Robb said. ¡°What if you¡¯d only wounded him? What if you had made his hand jump, or hit Bran instead? For all you knew, the man might have been wearing a breastplate, all you could see was the back of his cloak. What would have happened to my brother then? Did you ever think of that, Greyjoy?¡±
   Theon¡¯s smile was gone. He gave a sullen shrug and began to pull his arrows from the ground, one by one.
   Robb glared at his guardsmen. ¡°Where were you?¡± he demanded of them. ¡°I was sure you were close behind us.¡±
   The men traded unhappy glances. ¡°We were following, m¡¯lord,¡± said Quent, the youngest of them, his beard a soft brown fuzz. ¡°Only first we waited for Maester Luwin and his ass, begging your pardons, and then, well, as it were?.?.?.?¡± He glanced over at Theon and quickly looked away, abashed.
   ¡°I spied a turkey,¡± Theon said, annoyed by the question. ¡°How was I to know that you¡¯d leave the boy alone?¡±
   Robb turned his head to look at Theon once more. Bran had never seen him so angry, yet he said nothing. Finally he knelt beside Maester Luwin. ¡°How badly is my brother wounded?¡±
   ¡°No more than a scratch,¡± the maester said. He wet a cloth in the stream to clean the cut. ¡°Two of them wear the black,¡± he told Robb as he worked.
   Robb glanced over at where Stiv lay sprawled in the stream, his ragged black cloak moving fitfully as the rushing waters tugged at it. ¡°Deserters from the Night¡¯s Watch,¡± he said grimly. ¡°They must have been fools, to come so close to Winterfell.¡±
   ¡°Folly and desperation are ofttimes hard to tell apart,¡± said Maester Luwin.
   ¡°Shall we bury them, m¡¯lord?¡± asked Quent.
   ¡°They would not have buried us,¡± Robb said. ¡°Hack off their heads, we¡¯ll send them back to the Wall. Leave the rest for the carrion crows.¡±
   ¡°And this one?¡± Quent jerked a thumb toward Osha.
   Robb walked over to her. She was a head taller than he was, but she dropped to her knees at his approach. ¡°Give me my life, m¡¯lord of Stark, and I am yours.¡±
   ¡°Mine? What would I do with an oathbreaker?¡±
   ¡°I broke no oaths. Stiv and Wallen flew down off the Wall, not me. The black crows got no place for women.¡±
   Theon Greyjoy sauntered closer. ¡°Give her to the wolves,¡± he urged Robb. The woman¡¯s eyes went to what was left of Hali, and just as quickly away. She shuddered. Even the guardsmen looked queasy.
   ¡°She¡¯s a woman,¡± Robb said.
   ¡°A wildling,¡± Bran told him. ¡°She said they should keep me alive so they could take me to Mance Rayder.¡±
   ¡°Do you have a name?¡± Robb asked her.
   ¡°Osha, as it please the lord,¡± she muttered sourly.
   Maester Luwin stood. ¡°We might do well to question her.¡±
   Bran could see the relief on his brother¡¯s face. ¡°As you say, Maester. Wayn, bind her hands. She¡¯ll come back to Winterfell with us?.?.?.?and live or die by the truths she gives us.¡±
   
   38£®TYRION
   You want eat?¡± Mord asked, glowering. He had a plate of oiled beans in one thick, stub-fingered hand.
   Tyrion Lannister was starved, but he refused to let this brute see him cringe. ¡°A leg of lamb would be pleasant,¡± he said, from the heap of soiled straw in the corner of his cell. ¡°Perhaps a dish of peas and onions, some fresh baked bread with butter, and a flagon of mulled wine to wash it down. Or beer, if that¡¯s easier. I try not to be overly particular.¡±
   ¡°Is beans,¡± Mord said. ¡°Here.¡± He held out the plate.
   Tyrion sighed. The turnkey was twenty stone of gross stupidity, with brown rotting teeth and small dark eyes. The left side of his face was slick with scar where an axe had cut off his ear and part of his cheek. He was as predictable as he was ugly, but Tyrion was hungry. He reached up for the plate.
   Mord jerked it away, grinning. ¡°Is here,¡± he said, holding it out beyond Tyrion¡¯s reach.
   The dwarf climbed stiffly to his feet, every joint aching. ¡°Must we play the same fool¡¯s game with every meal?¡± He made another grab for the beans.
   Mord shambled backward, grinning through his rotten teeth. ¡°Is here, dwarf man.¡± He held the plate out at arm¡¯s length, over the edge where the cell ended and the sky began. ¡°You not want eat? Here. Come take.¡±
   Tyrion¡¯s arms were too short to reach the plate, and he was not about to step that close to the edge. All it would take would be a quick shove of Mord¡¯s heavy white belly, and he would end up a sickening red splotch on the stones of Sky, like so many other prisoners of the Eyrie over the centuries. ¡°Come to think on it, I¡¯m not hungry after all,¡± he declared, retreating to the corner of his cell.
   Mord grunted and opened his thick fingers. The wind took the plate, flipping it over as it fell. A handful of beans sprayed back at them as the food tumbled out of sight. The turnkey laughed, his gut shaking like a bowl of pudding.
