   When Lysa espied Catelyn, she welcomed her with a sisterly embrace and a moist kiss on the cheek. ¡°Isn¡¯t it a lovely morning? The gods are smiling on us. Do try a cup of the wine, sweet sister. Lord Hunter was kind enough to send for it, from his own cellars.¡±
   ¡°Thank you, no. Lysa, we must talk.¡±
   ¡°After,¡± her sister promised, already beginning to turn away from her.
   ¡°Now.¡± Catelyn spoke more loudly than she¡¯d intended. Men were turning to look. ¡°Lysa, you cannot mean to go ahead with this folly. Alive, the Imp has value. Dead, he is only food for crows. And if his champion should prevail here...¡±
   ¡°Small chance of that, my lady,¡± Lord Hunter assured her, patting her shoulder with a liver-spotted hand. ¡°Ser Vardis is a doughty fighter. He will make short work of the sellsword.¡±
   ¡°Will he, my lord?¡± Catelyn said coolly. ¡°I wonder.¡± She had seen Bronn fight on the high road; it was no accident that he had survived the journey while other men had died. He moved like a panther, and that ugly sword of his seemed a part of his arm.
   Lysa¡¯s suitors were gathering around them like bees round a blossom. ¡°Women understand little of these things,¡± Ser Morton Waynwood said. ¡°Ser Vardis is a knight, sweet lady. This other fellow, well, his sort are all cowards at heart. Useful enough in a battle, with thousands of their fellows around them, but stand them up alone and the manhood leaks right out of them.¡±
   ¡°Say you have the truth of it, then,¡± Catelyn said with a courtesy that made her mouth ache. ¡°What will we gain by the dwarf¡¯s death? Do you imagine that Jaime will care a fig that we gave his brother a trial before we flung him off a mountain?¡±
   ¡°Behead the man,¡± Ser Lyn Corbray suggested. ¡°When the Kingslayer receives the Imp¡¯s head, it will be a warning to him,¡±
   Lysa gave an impatient shake of her waist-long auburn hair. ¡°Lord Robert wants to see him fly,¡± she said, as if that settled the matter. ¡°And the Imp has only himself to blame. It was he who demanded a trial by combat.¡±
   ¡°Lady Lysa had no honorable way to deny him, even if she¡¯d wished to,¡± Lord Hunter intoned ponderously.
   Ignoring them all, Catelyn turned all her force on her sister. ¡°I remind you, Tyrion Lannister is my prisoner.¡±
   ¡°And I remind you, the dwarf murdered my lord husband!¡± Her voice rose. ¡°He poisoned the Hand of the King and left my sweet baby fatherless, and now I mean to see him pay!¡± Whirling, her skirts swinging around her, Lysa stalked across the terrace. Ser Lyn and Ser Morton and the other suitors excused themselves with cool nods and trailed after her.
   ¡°Do you think he did?¡± Ser Rodrik asked her quietly when they were alone again. ¡°Murder Lord Jon, that is? The Imp still denies it, and most fiercely?.?.?.?¡±
   ¡°I believe the Lannisters murdered Lord Arryn,¡± Catelyn replied, ¡°but whether it was Tyrion, or Ser Jaime, or the queen, or all of them together, I could not begin to say.¡± Lysa had named Cersei in the letter she had sent to Winterfell, but now she seemed certain that Tyrion was the killer?.?.?.?perhaps because the dwarf was here, while the queen was safe behind the walls of the Red Keep, hundreds of leagues to the south. Catelyn almost wished she had burned her sister¡¯s letter before reading it.
   Ser Rodrik tugged at his whiskers. ¡°Poison, well?.?.?.?that could be the dwarf¡¯s work, true enough. Or Cersei¡¯s. It¡¯s said poison is a woman¡¯s weapon, begging your pardons, my lady. The Kingslayer, now?.?.?.?I have no great liking for the man, but he¡¯s not the sort. Too fond of the sight of blood on that golden sword of his. Was it poison, my lady?¡±
   Catelyn frowned, vaguely uneasy. ¡°How else could they make it look a natural death?¡± Behind her, Lord Robert shrieked with delight as one of the puppet knights sliced the other in half, spilling a flood of red sawdust onto the terrace. She glanced at her nephew and sighed. ¡°The boy is utterly without discipline. He will never be strong enough to rule unless he is taken away from his mother for a time.¡±
   ¡°His lord father agreed with you,¡± said a voice at her elbow. She turned to behold Maester Colemon, a cup of wine in his hand. ¡°He was planning to send the boy to Dragonstone for fostering, you know?.?.?.?oh, but I¡¯m speaking out of turn.¡± The apple of his throat bobbed anxiously beneath the loose maester¡¯s chain. ¡°I fear I¡¯ve had too much of Lord Hunter¡¯s excellent wine. The prospect of bloodshed has my nerves all a-fray?.?.?.?¡±
   ¡°You are mistaken, Maester,¡± Catelyn said. ¡°It was Casterly Rock, not Dragonstone, and those arrangements were made after the Hand¡¯s death, without my sister¡¯s consent.¡±
   The maester¡¯s head jerked so vigorously at the end of his absurdly long neck that he looked half a puppet himself. ¡°No, begging your forgiveness, my lady, but it was Lord Jon who...¡±
