   ¡°I bedded a fishmaid once who told me the lowborn have a choicer way to put it. The king eats, they say, and the Hand takes the shit.¡± He threw back his head and roared his laughter. The echoes rang through the darkness, and all around them the dead of Winterfell seemed to watch with cold and disapproving eyes.
   Finally the laughter dwindled and stopped. Ned was still on one knee, his eyes upraised. ¡°Damn it, Ned,¡± the king complained. ¡°You might at least humor me with a smile.¡±
   ¡°They say it grows so cold up here in winter that a man¡¯s laughter freezes in his throat and chokes him to death,¡± Ned said evenly. ¡°Perhaps that is why the Starks have so little humor.¡±
   ¡°Come south with me, and I¡¯ll teach you how to laugh again,¡± the king promised. ¡°You helped me win this damnable throne, now help me hold it. We were meant to rule together. If Lyanna had lived, we should have been brothers, bound by blood as well as affection. Well, it is not too late. I have a son. You have a daughter. My Joff and your Sansa shall join our houses, as Lyanna and I might once have done.¡±
   This offer did surprise him. ¡°Sansa is only eleven.¡±
   Robert waved an impatient hand. ¡°Old enough for betrothal. The marriage can wait a few years.¡± The king smiled. ¡°Now stand up and say yes, curse you.¡±
   ¡°Nothing would give me greater pleasure, Your Grace,¡± Ned answered. He hesitated. ¡°These honors are all so unexpected. May I have some time to consider? I need to tell my wife?.?.?.?¡±
   ¡°Yes, yes, of course, tell Catelyn, sleep on it if you must.¡± The king reached down, clasped Ned by the hand, and pulled him roughly to his feet. ¡°Just don¡¯t keep me waiting too long. I am not the most patient of men.¡±
   For a moment Eddard Stark was filled with a terrible sense of foreboding. This was his place, here in the north. He looked at the stone figures all around them, breathed deep in the chill silence of the crypt. He could feel the eyes of the dead. They were all listening, he knew. And winter was coming.
   
   5£®JON
   There were times, not many, but a few, when Jon Snow was glad he was a bastard. As he filled his wine cup once more from a passing flagon, it struck him that this might be one of them.
   He settled back in his place on the bench among the younger squires and drank. The sweet, fruity taste of summerwine filled his mouth and brought a smile to his lips.
   The Great Hall of Winterfell was hazy with smoke and heavy with the smell of roasted meat and fresh-baked bread. Its grey stone walls were draped with banners. White, gold, crimson: the direwolf of Stark, Baratheon¡¯s crowned stag, the lion of Lannister. A singer was playing the high harp and reciting a ballad, but down at this end of the hall his voice could scarcely be heard above the roar of the fire, the clangor of pewter plates and cups, and the low mutter of a hundred drunken conversations.
   It was the fourth hour of the welcoming feast laid for the king. Jon¡¯s brothers and sisters had been seated with the royal children, beneath the raised platform where Lord and Lady Stark hosted the king and queen. In honor of the occasion, his lord father would doubtless permit each child a glass of wine, but no more than that. Down here on the benches, there was no one to stop Jon drinking as much as he had a thirst for.
   And he was finding that he had a man¡¯s thirst, to the raucous delight of the youths around him, who urged him on every time he drained a glass. They were fine company, and Jon relished the stories they were telling, tales of battle and bedding and the hunt. He was certain that his companions were more entertaining than the king¡¯s offspring. He had sated his curiosity about the visitors when they made their entrance. The procession had passed not a foot from the place he had been given on the bench, and Jon had gotten a good long look at them all.
   His lord father had come first, escorting the queen. She was as beautiful as men said. A jeweled tiara gleamed amidst her long golden hair, its emeralds a perfect match for the green of her eyes. His father helped her up the steps to the dais and led her to her seat, but the queen never so much as looked at him. Even at fourteen, Jon could see through her smile.
   Next had come King Robert himself, with Lady Stark on his arm. The king was a great disappointment to Jon. His father had talked of him often: the peerless Robert Baratheon, demon of the Trident, the fiercest warrior of the realm, a giant among princes. Jon saw only a fat man, red-faced under his beard, sweating through his silks. He walked like a man half in his cups.
