   ¡°Myrish. ¡®The Seasons of My Love.¡¯ Sweet and sad, if you understand the words. The first girl I ever bedded used to sing it, and I¡¯ve never been able to put it out of my head.¡± Tyrion gazed up at the sky. It was a clear cold night and the stars shone down upon the mountains as bright and merciless as truth. ¡°I met her on a night like this,¡± he heard himself saying. ¡°Jaime and I were riding back from Lannisport when we heard a scream, and she came running out into the road with two men dogging her heels, shouting threats. My brother unsheathed his sword and went after them, while I dismounted to protect the girl. She was scarcely a year older than I was, dark-haired, slender, with a face that would break your heart. It certainly broke mine. Lowborn, half-starved, unwashed?.?.?.?yet lovely. They¡¯d torn the rags she was wearing half off her back, so I wrapped her in my cloak while Jaime chased the men into the woods. By the time he came trotting back, I¡¯d gotten a name out of her, and a story. She was a crofter¡¯s child, orphaned when her father died of fever, on her way to?.?.?.?well, nowhere, really.
   ¡°Jaime was all in a lather to hunt down the men. It was not often outlaws dared prey on travelers so near to Casterly Rock, and he took it as an insult. The girl was too frightened to send off by herself, though, so I offered to take her to the closest inn and feed her while my brother rode back to the Rock for help.
   ¡°She was hungrier than I would have believed. We finished two whole chickens and part of a third, and drank a flagon of wine, talking. I was only thirteen, and the wine went to my head, I fear. The next thing I knew, I was sharing her bed. If she was shy, I was shyer. I¡¯ll never know where I found the courage. When I broke her maidenhead, she wept, but afterward she kissed me and sang her little song, and by morning I was in love.¡±
   ¡°You?¡± Bronn¡¯s voice was amused.
   ¡°Absurd, isn¡¯t it?¡± Tyrion began to whistle the song again. ¡°I married her,¡± he finally admitted.
   ¡°A Lannister of Casterly Rock wed to a crofter¡¯s daughter,¡± Bronn said. ¡°How did you manage that?¡±
   ¡°Oh, you¡¯d be astonished at what a boy can make of a few lies, fifty pieces of silver, and a drunken septon. I dared not bring my bride home to Casterly Rock, so I set her up in a cottage of her own, and for a fortnight we played at being man and wife. And then the septon sobered and confessed all to my lord father.¡± Tyrion was surprised at how desolate it made him feel to say it, even after all these years. Perhaps he was just tired. ¡°That was the end of my marriage.¡± He sat up and stared at the dying fire, blinking at the light.
   ¡°He sent the girl away?¡±
   ¡°He did better than that,¡± Tyrion said. ¡°First he made my brother tell me the truth. The girl was a whore, you see. Jaime arranged the whole affair, the road, the outlaws, all of it. He thought it was time I had a woman. He paid double for a maiden, knowing it would be my first time.
   ¡°After Jaime had made his confession, to drive home the lesson, Lord Tywin brought my wife in and gave her to his guards. They paid her fair enough. A silver for each man, how many whores command that high a price? He sat me down in the corner of the barracks and bade me watch, and at the end she had so many silvers the coins were slipping through her fingers and rolling on the floor, she?.?.?.?¡± The smoke was stinging his eyes. Tyrion cleared his throat and turned away from the fire, to gaze out into darkness. ¡°Lord Tywin had me go last,¡± he said in a quiet voice. ¡°And he gave me a gold coin to pay her, because I was a Lannister, and worth more.¡±
   After a time he heard the noise again, the rasp of steel on stone as Bronn sharpened his sword. ¡°Thirteen or thirty or three, I would have killed the man who did that to me.¡±
   Tyrion swung around to face him. ¡°You may get that chance one day. Remember what I told you. A Lannister always pays his debts.¡± He yawned. ¡°I think I will try and sleep. Wake me if we¡¯re about to die.¡±
   He rolled himself up in the shadowskin and shut his eyes. The ground was stony and cold, but after a time Tyrion Lannister did sleep. He dreamt of the sky cell. This time he was the gaoler, not the prisoner, big, with a strap in his hand, and he was hitting his father, driving him back, toward the abyss?.?.?.?
   ¡°Tyrion.¡± Bronn¡¯s warning was low and urgent.
   Tyrion was awake in the blink of an eye. The fire had burned down to embers, and the shadows were creeping in all around them. Bronn had raised himself to one knee, his sword in one hand and his dirk in the other. Tyrion held up a hand: stay still, it said. ¡°Come share our fire, the night is cold,¡± he called out to the creeping shadows. ¡°I fear we¡¯ve no wine to offer you, but you¡¯re welcome to some of our goat.¡±
