   All movement stopped. Tyrion saw the glint of moonlight on metal. ¡°Our mountain,¡± a voice called out from the trees, deep and hard and unfriendly. ¡°Our goat.¡±
   ¡°Your goat,¡± Tyrion agreed. ¡°Who are you?¡±
   ¡°When you meet your gods,¡± a different voice replied, ¡°say it was Gunthor son of Gurn of the Stone Crows who sent you to them.¡± A branch cracked underfoot as he stepped into the light; a thin man in a horned helmet, armed with a long knife.
   ¡°And Shagga son of Dolf.¡± That was the first voice, deep and deadly. A boulder shifted to their left, and stood, and became a man. Massive and slow and strong he seemed, dressed all in skins, with a club in his right hand and an axe in his left. He smashed them together as he lumbered closer.
   Other voices called other names, Conn and Torrek and Jaggot and more that Tyrion forgot the instant he heard them; ten at least. A few had swords and knives; others brandished pitchforks and scythes and wooden spears. He waited until they were done shouting out their names before he gave them answer. ¡°I am Tyrion son of Tywin, of the Clan Lannister, the Lions of the Rock. We will gladly pay you for the goat we ate.¡±
   ¡°What do you have to give us, Tyrion son of Tywin?¡± asked the one who named himself Gunthor, who seemed to be their chief.
   ¡°There is silver in my purse,¡± Tyrion told them. ¡°This hauberk I wear is large for me, but it should fit Conn nicely, and the battle-axe I carry would suit Shagga¡¯s mighty hand far better than that wood-axe he holds.¡±
   ¡°The halfman would pay us with our own coin,¡± said Conn.
   ¡°Conn speaks truly,¡± Gunthor said. ¡°Your silver is ours. Your horses are ours. Your hauberk and your battle-axe and the knife at your belt, those are ours too. You have nothing to give us but your lives. How would you like to die, Tyrion son of Tywin?¡±
   ¡°In my own bed, with a belly full of wine and a maiden¡¯s mouth around my cock, at the age of eighty,¡± he replied.
   The huge one, Shagga, laughed first and loudest. The others seemed less amused. ¡°Conn, take their horses,¡± Gunthor commanded. ¡°Kill the other and seize the halfinan. He can milk the goats and make the mothers laugh.¡±
   Bronn sprang to his feet. ¡°Who dies first?¡±
   ¡°No!¡± Tyrion said sharply. ¡°Gunthor son of Gurn, hear me. My House is rich and powerful. If the Stone Crows will see us safely through these mountains, my lord father will shower you with gold.¡±
   ¡°The gold of a lowland lord is as worthless as a halfman¡¯s promises,¡± Gunthor said.
   ¡°Half a man I may be,¡± Tyrion said, ¡°yet I have the courage to face my enemies. What do the Stone Crows do, but hide behind rocks and shiver with fear as the knights of the Vale ride by?¡±
   Shagga gave a roar of anger and clashed club against axe. Jaggot poked at Tyrion¡¯s face with the fire-hardened point of a long wooden spear. He did his best not to flinch. ¡°Are these the best weapons you could steal?¡± he said. ¡°Good enough for killing sheep, perhaps?.?.?.?if the sheep do not fight back. My father¡¯s smiths shit better steel.¡±
   ¡°Little boyman,¡± Shagga roared, ¡°will you mock my axe after I chop off your manhood and feed it to the goats?¡±
   But Gunthor raised a hand. ¡°No. I would hear his words. The mothers go hungry, and steel fills more mouths than gold. What would you give us for your lives, Tyrion son of Tywin? Swords? Lances? Mail?¡±
   ¡°All that, and more, Gunthor son of Gurn,¡± Tyrion Lannister replied, smiling. ¡°I will give you the Vale of Arryn.¡±
   
   EDDARD
   Through the high narrow windows of the Red Keep¡¯s cavernous throne room, the light of sunset spilled across the floor, laying dark red stripes upon the walls where the heads of dragons had once hung. Now the stone was covered with hunting tapestries, vivid with greens and browns and blues, and yet still it seemed to Ned Stark that the only color in the hall was the red of blood.
   He sat high upon the immense ancient seat of Aegon the Conqueror, an ironwork monstrosity of spikes and jagged edges and grotesquely twisted metal. It was, as Robert had warned him, a hellishly uncomfortable chair, and never more so than now, with his shattered leg throbbing more sharply every minute. The metal beneath him had grown harder by the hour, and the fanged steel behind made it impossible to lean back. A king should never sit easy, Aegon the Conqueror had said, when he commanded his armorers to forge a great seat from the swords laid down by his enemies. Damn Aegon for his arrogance, Ned thought sullenly, and damn Robert and his hunting as well.
