   It was queer how sometimes a child¡¯s innocent eyes can see things that grown men are blind to. Someday, when Sansa was grown, he would have to tell her how she had made it all come clear for him. He¡¯s not the least bit like that old drunken king, she had declared, angry and unknowing, and the simple truth of it had twisted inside him, cold as death. This was the sword that killed Jon Arryn, Ned thought then, and it will kill Robert as well, a slower death but full as certain. Shattered legs may heal in time, but some betrayals fester and poison the soul.
   Littlefinger came calling an hour after the Grand Maester had left, clad in a plum-colored doublet with a mockingbird embroidered on the breast in black thread, and a striped cloak of black and white. ¡°I cannot visit long, my lord,¡± he announced. ¡°Lady Tanda expects me to lunch with her. No doubt she will roast me a fatted calf. If it¡¯s near as fatted as her daughter, I¡¯m like to rupture and die. And how is your leg?¡±
   ¡°Inflamed and painful, with an itch that is driving me mad.¡±
   Littlefinger lifted an eyebrow. ¡°In future, try not to let any horses fall on it. I would urge you to heal quickly. The realm grows restive. Varys has heard ominous whispers from the west. Freeriders and sellswords have been flocking to Casterly Rock, and not for the thin pleasure of Lord Tywin¡¯s conversation.¡±
   ¡°Is there word of the king?¡± Ned demanded. ¡°Just how long does Robert intend to hunt?¡±
   ¡°Given his preferences, I believe he¡¯d stay in the forest until you and the queen both die of old age,¡± Lord Petyr replied with a faint smile. ¡°Lacking that, I imagine he¡¯ll return as soon as he¡¯s killed something. They found the white hart, it seems?.?.?.?or rather, what remained of it. Some wolves found it first, and left His Grace scarcely more than a hoof and a horn. Robert was in a fury, until he heard talk of some monstrous boar deeper in the forest. Then nothing would do but he must have it. Prince Joffrey returned this morning, with the Royces, Ser Balon Swann, and some twenty others of the party. The rest are still with the king.¡±
   ¡°The Hound?¡± Ned asked, frowning. Of all the Lannister party, Sandor Clegane was the one who concerned him the most, now that Ser Jaime had fled the city to join his father.
   ¡°Oh, returned with Joffrey, and went straight to the queen.¡± Littlefinger smiled. ¡°I would have given a hundred silver stags to have been a roach in the rushes when he learned that Lord Beric was off to behead his brother.¡±
   ¡°Even a blind man could see the Hound loathed his brother.¡±
   ¡°Ah, but Gregor was his to loathe, not yours to kill. Once Dondarrion lops the summit off our Mountain, the Clegane lands and incomes will pass to Sandor, but I wouldn¡¯t hold my water waiting for his thanks, not that one. And now you must forgive me. Lady Tanda awaits with her fatted calves.¡±
   On the way to the door, Lord Petyr spied Grand Maester Malleon¡¯s massive tome on the table and paused to idly flip open the cover. ¡°The Lineages and Histories of the Great Houses of the Seven Kingdoms, With Descriptions of Many High Lords and Noble Ladies and Their Children,¡° he read. ¡°Now there is tedious reading if ever I saw it. A sleeping potion, my lord?¡±
   For a brief moment Ned considered telling him all of it, but there was something in Littlefinger¡¯s japes that irked him. The man was too clever by half, a mocking smile never far from his lips. ¡°Jon Arryn was studying this volume when he was taken sick,¡± Ned said in a careful tone, to see how he might respond.
   And he responded as he always did: with a quip. ¡°In that case,¡± he said, ¡°death must have come as a blessed relief.¡± Lord Petyr Baelish bowed and took his leave.
   Eddard Stark allowed himself a curse. Aside from his own retainers, there was scarcely a man in this city he trusted. Littlefinger had concealed Catelyn and helped Ned in his inquiries, yet his haste to save his own skin when Jaime and his swords had come out of the rain still rankled. Varys was worse. For all his protestations of loyalty, the eunuch knew too much and did too little. Grand Maester Pycelle seemed more Cersei¡¯s creature with every passing day, and Ser Barristan was an old man, and rigid. He would tell Ned to do his duty.
   Time was perilously short. The king would return from his hunt soon, and honor would require Ned to go to him with all he had learned. Vayon Poole had arranged for Sansa and Arya to sail on the Wind Witch out of Braavos, three days hence. They would be back at Winterfell before the harvest. Ned could no longer use his concern for their safety to excuse his delay.
