   One of the squires interrupted the bawdy story he¡¯d been telling to make room at the table for their lord¡¯s brother. Benjen Stark straddled the bench with long legs and took the wine cup out of Jon¡¯s hand. ¡°Summerwine,¡± he said after a taste. ¡°Nothing so sweet. How many cups have you had, Jon?¡±
   Jon smiled.
   Ben Stark laughed. ¡°As I feared. Ah, well. I believe I was younger than you the first time I got truly and sincerely drunk.¡± He snagged a roasted onion, dripping brown with gravy, from a nearby trencher and bit into it. It crunched.
   His uncle was sharp-featured and gaunt as a mountain crag, but there was always a hint of laughter in his blue-grey eyes. He dressed in black, as befitted a man of the Night¡¯s Watch. Tonight it was rich black velvet, with high leather boots and a wide belt with a silver buckle. A heavy silver chain was looped round his neck. Benjen watched Ghost with amusement as he ate his onion. ¡°A very quiet wolf,¡± he observed.
   ¡°He¡¯s not like the others,¡± Jon said. ¡°He never makes a sound. That¡¯s why I named him Ghost. That, and because he¡¯s white. The others are all dark, grey or black.¡±
   ¡°There are still direwolves beyond the Wall. We hear them on our rangings.¡± Benjen Stark gave Jon a long look. ¡°Don¡¯t you usually eat at table with your brothers?¡±
   ¡°Most times,¡± Jon answered in a flat voice. ¡°But tonight Lady Stark thought it might give insult to the royal family to seat a bastard among them.¡±
   ¡°I see.¡± His uncle glanced over his shoulder at the raised table at the far end of the hall. ¡°My brother does not seem very festive tonight.¡±
   Jon had noticed that too. A bastard had to learn to notice things, to read the truth that people hid behind their eyes. His father was observing all the courtesies, but there was tightness in him that Jon had seldom seen before. He said little, looking out over the hall with hooded eyes, seeing nothing. Two seats away, the king had been drinking heavily all night. His broad face was flushed behind his great black beard. He made many a toast, laughed loudly at every jest, and attacked each dish like a starving man, but beside him the queen seemed as cold as an ice sculpture. ¡°The queen is angry too,¡± Jon told his uncle in a low, quiet voice. ¡°Father took the king down to the crypts this afternoon. The queen didn¡¯t want him to go.¡±
   Benjen gave Jon a careful, measuring look. ¡°You don¡¯t miss much, do you, Jon? We could use a man like you on the Wall.¡±
   Jon swelled with pride. ¡°Robb is a stronger lance than I am, but I¡¯m the better sword, and Hullen says I sit a horse as well as anyone in the castle.¡±
   ¡°Notable achievements.¡±
   ¡°Take me with you when you go back to the Wall,¡± Jon said in a sudden rush. ¡°Father will give me leave to go if you ask him, I know he will.¡±
   Uncle Benjen studied his face carefully. ¡°The Wall is a hard place for a boy, Jon.¡±
   ¡°I am almost a man grown,¡± Jon protested. ¡°I will turn fifteen on my next name day, and Maester Luwin says bastards grow up faster than other children.¡±
   ¡°That¡¯s true enough,¡± Benjen said with a downward twist of his mouth. He took Jon¡¯s cup from the table, filled it fresh from a nearby pitcher, and drank down a long swallow.
   ¡°Daeren Targaryen was only fourteen when he conquered Dorne,¡± Jon said. The Young Dragon was one of his heroes.
   ¡°A conquest that lasted a summer,¡± his uncle pointed out. ¡°Your Boy King lost ten thousand men taking the place, and another fifty trying to hold it. Someone should have told him that war isn¡¯t a game.¡± He took another sip of wine. ¡°Also,¡± he said, wiping his mouth, ¡°Daeren Targaryen was only eighteen when he died. Or have you forgotten that part?¡±
   ¡°I forget nothing,¡± Jon boasted. The wine was making him bold. He tried to sit very straight, to make himself seem taller. ¡°I want to serve in the Night¡¯s Watch, Uncle.¡±
   He had thought on it long and hard, lying abed at night while his brothers slept around him. Robb would someday inherit Winterfell, would command great armies as the Warden of the North. Bran and Rickon would be Robb¡¯s bannermen and rule holdfasts in his name. His sisters Arya and Sansa would marry the heirs of other great houses and go south as mistress of castles of their own. But what place could a bastard hope to earn?
   ¡°You don¡¯t know what you¡¯re asking, Jon. The Night¡¯s Watch is a sworn brotherhood. We have no families. None of us will ever father sons. Our wife is duty. Our mistress is honor.¡±
   ¡°A bastard can have honor too,¡± Jon said. ¡°I am ready to swear your oath.¡±
   ¡°You are a boy of fourteen,¡± Benjen said. ¡°Not a man, not yet. Until you have known a woman, you cannot understand what you would be giving up.¡±
   ¡°I don¡¯t care about that!¡± Jon said hotly.
