   ¡°As you wish, m¡¯lord,¡± Tom said. ¡°Can¡¯t say I¡¯ll be sad to see the back of this place. I miss the wife.¡±
   ¡°You will pass near Dragonstone when you turn north. I need you to deliver a letter for me.¡±
   Tom looked apprehensive. ¡°To Dragonstone, m¡¯lord?¡± The island fortress of House Targaryen had a sinister repute.
   ¡°Tell Captain Qos to hoist my banner as soon as he comes in sight of the island. They may be wary of unexpected visitors. If he is reluctant, offer him whatever it takes. I will give you a letter to place into the hand of Lord Stannis Baratheon. No one else. Not his steward, nor the captain of his guard, nor his lady wife, but only Lord Stannis himself.¡±
   ¡°As you command, m¡¯lord.¡±
   When Tomard had left him, Lord Eddard Stark sat staring at the flame of the candle that burned beside him on the table. For a moment his grief overwhelmed him. He wanted nothing so much as to seek out the godswood, to kneel before the heart tree and pray for the life of Robert Baratheon, who had been more than a brother to him. Men would whisper afterward that Eddard Stark had betrayed his king¡¯s friendship and disinherited his sons; he could only hope that the gods would know better, and that Robert would learn the truth of it in the land beyond the grave.
   Ned took out the king¡¯s last letter. A roll of crisp white parchment sealed with golden wax, a few short words and a smear of blood. How small the difference between victory and defeat, between life and death.
   He drew out a fresh sheet of paper and dipped his quill in the inkpot. To His Grace, Stannis of the House Baratheon, he wrote. By the time you receive this letter, your brother Robert, our King these past fifteen years, will be dead. He was savaged by a boar whilst hunting in the kingswood?.?.?.?
   The letters seemed to writhe and twist on the paper as his hand trailed to a stop. Lord Tywin and Ser Jaime were not men to suffer disgrace meekly; they would fight rather than flee. No doubt Lord Stannis was wary, after the murder of Jon Arryn, but it was imperative that he sail for King¡¯s Landing at once with all his power, before the Lannisters could march.
   Ned chose each word with care. When he was done, he signed the letter Eddard Stark, Lord of Winterfell, Hand of the King, and Protector of the Realm, blotted the paper, folded it twice, and melted the sealing wax over the candle flame.
   His regency would be a short one, he reflected as the wax softened. The new king would choose his own Hand. Ned would be free to go home. The thought of Winterfell brought a wan smile to his face. He wanted to hear Bran¡¯s laughter once more, to go hawking with Robb, to watch Rickon at play. He wanted to drift off to a dreamless sleep in his own bed with his arms wrapped tight around his lady, Catelyn.
   Cayn returned as he was pressing the direwolf seal down into the soft white wax. Desmond was with him, and between them Littlefinger. Ned thanked his guards and sent them away.
   Lord Petyr was clad in a blue velvet tunic with puffed sleeves, his silvery cape patterned with mockingbirds. ¡°I suppose congratulations are in order,¡± he said as he seated himself.
   Ned scowled. ¡°The king lies wounded and near to death.¡±
   ¡°I know,¡± Littlefinger said. ¡°I also know that Robert has named you Protector of the Realm.¡±
   Ned¡¯s eyes flicked to the king¡¯s letter on the table beside him, its seal unbroken. ¡°And how is it you know that, my lord?¡±
   ¡°Varys hinted as much,¡± Littlefinger said, ¡°and you have just confirmed it.¡±
   Ned¡¯s mouth twisted in anger. ¡°Damn Varys and his little birds. Catelyn spoke truly, the man has some black art. I do not trust him.¡±
   ¡°Excellent. You¡¯re learning.¡± Littlefinger leaned forward. ¡°Yet I¡¯ll wager you did not drag me here in the black of night to discuss the eunuch.¡±
   ¡°No,¡± Ned admitted. ¡°I know the secret Jon Arryn was murdered to protect. Robert will leave no trueborn son behind him. Joffrey and Tommen are Jaime Lannister¡¯s bastards, born of his incestuous union with the queen.¡±
   Littlefinger lifted an eyebrow. ¡°Shocking,¡± he said in a tone that suggested he was not shocked at all. ¡°The girl as well? No doubt. So when the king dies?.?.?.?¡±
   ¡°The throne by rights passes to Lord Stannis, the elder of Robert¡¯s two brothers.¡±
   Lord Petyr stroked his pointed beard as he considered the matter. ¡°So it would seem. Unless?.?.?.?¡±
   ¡°Unless, my lord? There is no seeming to this. Stannis is the heir. Nothing can change that.¡±
   ¡°Stannis cannot take the throne without your help. If you¡¯re wise, you¡¯ll make certain Joffrey succeeds.¡±
   Ned gave him a stony stare. ¡°Have you no shred of honor?¡±
