   ¡°You might, if you knew what it meant,¡± Benjen said. ¡°If you knew what the oath would cost you, you might be less eager to pay the price, son.¡±
   Jon felt anger rise inside him. ¡°I¡¯m not your son!¡±
   Benjen Stark stood up. ¡°More¡¯s the pity.¡± He put a hand on Jon¡¯s shoulder. ¡°Come back to me after you¡¯ve fathered a few bastards of your own, and we¡¯ll see how you feel.¡±
   Jon trembled. ¡°I will never father a bastard,¡± he said carefully. ¡°Never!¡± He spat it out like venom.
   Suddenly he realized that the table had fallen silent, and they were all looking at him. He felt the tears begin to well behind his eyes. He pushed himself to his feet.
   ¡°I must be excused,¡± he said with the last of his dignity. He whirled and bolted before they could see him cry. He must have drunk more wine than he had realized. His feet got tangled under him as he tried to leave, and he lurched sideways into a serving girl and sent a flagon of spiced wine crashing to the floor. Laughter boomed all around him, and Jon felt hot tears on his cheeks. Someone tried to steady him. He wrenched free of their grip and ran, half-blind, for the door. Ghost followed close at his heels, out into the night.
   The yard was quiet and empty. A lone sentry stood high on the battlements of the inner wall, his cloak pulled tight around him against the cold. He looked bored and miserable as he huddled there alone, but Jon would have traded places with him in an instant. Otherwise the castle was dark and deserted. Jon had seen an abandoned holdfast once, a drear place where nothing moved but the wind and the stones kept silent about whatever people had lived there. Winterfell reminded him of that tonight.
   The sounds of music and song spilled through the open windows behind him. They were the last things Jon wanted to hear. He wiped away his tears on the sleeve of his shirt, furious that he had let them fall, and turned to go.
   ¡°Boy,¡± a voice called out to him. Jon turned.
   Tyrion Lannister was sitting on the ledge above the door to the Great Hall, looking for all the world like a gargoyle. The dwarf grinned down at him. ¡°Is that animal a wolf?¡±
   ¡°A direwolf,¡± Jon said. ¡°His name is Ghost.¡± He stared up at the little man, his disappointment suddenly forgotten. ¡°What are you doing up there? Why aren¡¯t you at the feast?¡±
   ¡°Too hot, too noisy, and I¡¯d drunk too much wine,¡± the dwarf told him. ¡°I learned long ago that it is considered rude to vomit on your brother. Might I have a closer look at your wolf?¡±
   Jon hesitated, then nodded slowly. ¡°Can you climb down, or shall I bring a ladder?¡±
   ¡°Oh, bleed that,¡± the little man said. He pushed himself off the ledge into empty air. Jon gasped, then watched with awe as Tyrion Lannister spun around in a tight ball, landed lightly on his hands, then vaulted backward onto his legs.
   Ghost backed away from him uncertainly.
   The dwarf dusted himself off and laughed. ¡°I believe I¡¯ve frightened your wolf. My apologies.¡±
   ¡°He¡¯s not scared,¡± Jon said. He knelt and called out. ¡°Ghost, come here. Come on. That¡¯s it.¡±
   The wolf pup padded closer and nuzzled at Jon¡¯s face, but he kept a wary eye on Tyrion Lannister, and when the dwarf reached out to pet him, he drew back and bared his fangs in a silent snarl. ¡°Shy, isn¡¯t he?¡± Lannister observed.
   ¡°Sit, Ghost,¡± Jon commanded. ¡°That¡¯s it. Keep still.¡± He looked up at the dwarf. ¡°You can touch him now. He won¡¯t move until I tell him to. I¡¯ve been training him.¡±
   ¡°I see,¡± Lannister said. He ruffled the snow-white fur between Ghost¡¯s ears and said, ¡°Nice wolf.¡±
   ¡°If I wasn¡¯t here, he¡¯d tear out your throat,¡± Jon said. It wasn¡¯t actually true yet, but it would be.
   ¡°In that case, you had best stay close,¡± the dwarf said. He cocked his oversized head to one side and looked Jon over with his mismatched eyes. ¡°I am Tyrion Lannister.¡±
   ¡°I know,¡± Jon said. He rose. Standing, he was taller than the dwarf. It made him feel strange.
   ¡°You¡¯re Ned Stark¡¯s bastard, aren¡¯t you?¡±
   Jon felt a coldness pass right through him. He pressed his lips together and said nothing.
   ¡°Did I offend you?¡± Lannister said. ¡°Sorry. Dwarfs don¡¯t have to be tactful. Generations of capering fools in motley have won me the right to dress badly and say any damn thing that comes into my head.¡± He grinned. ¡°You are the bastard, though.¡±
   ¡°Lord Eddard Stark is my father,¡± Jon admitted stiffly.
   Lannister studied his face. ¡°Yes,¡± he said. ¡°I can see it. You have more of the north in you than your brothers.¡±
   ¡°Half brothers,¡± Jon corrected. He was pleased by the dwarf¡¯s comment, but he tried not to let it show.
