   Yet that very night, his brother came to Bran¡¯s bedchamber pale and shaken, after the fires had burned low in the Great Hall. ¡°I thought he was going to kill me,¡± Robb confessed. ¡°Did you see the way he threw down Hal, like he was no bigger than Rickon? Gods, I was so scared. And the Greatjon¡¯s not the worst of them, only the loudest. Lord Roose never says a word, he only looks at me, and all I can think of is that room they have in the Dreadfort, where the Boltons hang the skins of their enemies.¡±
   ¡°That¡¯s just one of Old Nan¡¯s stories,¡± Bran said. A note of doubt crept into his voice. ¡°Isn¡¯t it?¡±
   ¡°I don¡¯t know.¡± He gave a weary shake of his head. ¡°Lord Cerwyn means to take his daughter south with us. To cook for him, he says. Theon is certain I¡¯ll find the girl in my bedroll one night. I wish?.?.?.?I wish Father was here?.?.?.?¡±
   That was the one thing they could agree on, Bran and Rickon and Robb the Lord; they all wished Father was here. But Lord Eddard was a thousand leagues away, a captive in some dungeon, a hunted fugitive running for his life, or even dead. No one seemed to know for certain; every traveler told a different tale, each more terrifying than the last. The heads of Father¡¯s guardsmen were rotting on the walls of the Red Keep, impaled on spikes. King Robert was dead at Father¡¯s hands. The Baratheons had laid siege to King¡¯s Landing. Lord Eddard had fled south with the king¡¯s wicked brother Renly. Arya and Sansa had been murdered by the Hound. Mother had killed Tyrion the Imp and hung his body from the walls of Riverrun. Lord Tywin Lannister was marching on the Eyrie, burning and slaughtering as he went. One wine-sodden taleteller even claimed that Rhaegar Targaryen had returned from the dead and was marshaling a vast host of ancient heroes on Dragonstone to reclaim his father¡¯s throne.
   When the raven came, bearing a letter marked with Father¡¯s own seal and written in Sansa¡¯s hand, the cruel truth seemed no less incredible. Bran would never forget the look on Robb¡¯s face as he stared at their sister¡¯s words. ¡°She says Father conspired at treason with the king¡¯s brothers,¡± he read. ¡°King Robert is dead, and Mother and I are summoned to the Red Keep to swear fealty to Joffrey. She says we must be loyal, and when she marries Joffrey she will plead with him to spare our lord father¡¯s life.¡± His fingers closed into a fist, crushing Sansa¡¯s letter between them. ¡°And she says nothing of Arya, nothing, not so much as a word. Damn her! What¡¯s wrong with the girl?¡±
   Bran felt all cold inside. ¡°She lost her wolf,¡± he said, weakly, remembering the day when four of his father¡¯s guardsmen had returned from the south with Lady¡¯s bones. Summer and Grey Wind and Shaggydog had begun to howl before they crossed the drawbridge, in voices drawn and desolate. Beneath the shadow of the First Keep was an ancient lichyard, its headstones spotted with pale lichen, where the old Kings of Winter had laid their faithful servants. It was there they buried Lady, while her brothers stalked between the graves like restless shadows. She had gone south, and only her bones had returned.
   Their grandfather, old Lord Rickard, had gone as well, with his son Brandon who was Father¡¯s brother, and two hundred of his best men. None had ever returned. And Father had gone south, with Arya and Sansa, and Jory and Hullen and Fat Tom and the rest, and later Mother and Ser Rodrik had gone, and they hadn¡¯t come back either. And now Robb meant to go. Not to King¡¯s Landing and not to swear fealty, but to Riverrun, with a sword in his hand. And if their lord father were truly a prisoner, that could mean his death for a certainty. It frightened Bran more than he could say.
   ¡°If Robb has to go, watch over him,¡± Bran entreated the old gods, as they watched him with the heart tree¡¯s red eyes, ¡°and watch over his men, Hal and Quent and the rest, and Lord Umber and Lady Mormont and the other lords. And Theon too, I suppose. Watch them and keep them safe, if it please you, gods. Help them defeat the Lannisters and save Father and bring them home.¡±
   A faint wind sighed through the godswood and the red leaves stirred and whispered. Summer bared his teeth. ¡°You hear them, boy?¡± a voice asked.
   Bran lifted his head. Osha stood across the pool, beneath an ancient oak, her face shadowed by leaves. Even in irons, the wildling moved quiet as a cat. Summer circled the pool, sniffed at her. The tall woman flinched.
   ¡°Summer, to me,¡± Bran called. The direwolf took one final sniff, spun, and bounded back. Bran wrapped his arms around him. ¡°What are you doing here?¡± He had not seen Osha since they¡¯d taken her captive in the wolfswood, though he knew she¡¯d been set to working in the kitchens.
