   ¡°They are my gods too,¡± Osha said. ¡°Beyond the Wall, they are the only gods.¡± Her hair was growing out, brown and shaggy. It made her look more womanly, that and the simple dress of brown roughspun they¡¯d given her when they took her mail and leather. ¡°Gage lets me have my prayers from time to time, when I feel the need, and I let him do as he likes under my skirt, when he feels the need. It¡¯s nothing to me. I like the smell of flour on his hands, and he¡¯s gentler than Stiv.¡± She gave an awkward bow. ¡°I¡¯ll leave you. There¡¯s pots that want scouring.¡±
   ¡°No, stay,¡± Bran commanded her. ¡°Tell me what you meant, about hearing the gods.¡±
   Osha studied him. ¡°You asked them and they¡¯re answering. Open your ears, listen, you¡¯ll hear.¡±
   Bran listened. ¡°It¡¯s only the wind,¡± he said after a moment, uncertain. ¡°The leaves are rustling.¡±
   ¡°Who do you think sends the wind, if not the gods?¡± She seated herself across the pool from him, clinking faintly as she moved. Mikken had fixed iron manacles to her ankles, with a heavy chain between them; she could walk, so long as she kept her strides small, but there was no way for her to run, or climb, or mount a horse. ¡°They see you, boy. They hear you talking. That rustling, that¡¯s them talking back.¡±
   ¡°What are they saying?¡±
   ¡°They¡¯re sad. Your lord brother will get no help from them, not where he¡¯s going. The old gods have no power in the south. The weirwoods there were all cut down, thousands of years ago. How can they watch your brother when they have no eyes?¡±
   Bran had not thought of that. It frightened him. If even the gods could not help his brother, what hope was there? Maybe Osha wasn¡¯t hearing them right. He cocked his head and tried to listen again. He thought he could hear the sadness now, but nothing more than that.
   The rustling grew louder. Bran heard muffled footfalls and a low humming, and Hodor came blundering out of the trees, naked and smiling. ¡°Hodor!¡±
   ¡°He must have heard our voices,¡± Bran said. ¡°Hodor, you forgot your clothes.¡±
   ¡°Hodor,¡± Hodor agreed. He was dripping wet from the neck down, steaming in the chill air. His body was covered with brown hair, thick as a pelt. Between his legs, his manhood swung long and heavy.
   Osha eyed him with a sour smile. ¡°Now there¡¯s a big man,¡± she said. ¡°He has giant¡¯s blood in him, or I¡¯m the queen.¡±
   ¡°Maester Luwin says there are no more giants. He says they¡¯re all dead, like the children of the forest. All that¡¯s left of them are old bones in the earth that men turn up with plows from time to time.¡±
   ¡°Let Maester Luwin ride beyond the Wall,¡± Osha said. ¡°He¡¯ll find giants then, or they¡¯ll find him. My brother killed one. Ten foot tall she was, and stunted at that. They¡¯ve been known to grow big as twelve and thirteen feet. Fierce things they are too, all hair and teeth, and the wives have beards like their husbands, so there¡¯s no telling them apart. The women take human men for lovers, and it¡¯s from them the half bloods come. It goes harder on the women they catch. The men are so big they¡¯ll rip a maid apart before they get her with child.¡± She grinned at him. ¡°But you don¡¯t know what I mean, do you, boy?¡±
   ¡°Yes I do,¡± Bran insisted. He understood about mating; he had seen dogs in the yard, and watched a stallion mount a mare. But talking about it made him uncomfortable. He looked at Hodor. ¡°Go back and bring your clothes, Hodor,¡± he said. ¡°Go dress.¡±
   ¡°Hodor.¡± He walked back the way he had come, ducking under a low-hanging tree limb.
   He was awfully big, Bran thought as he watched him go. ¡°Are there truly giants beyond the Wall?¡± he asked Osha, uncertainly.
   ¡°Giants and worse than giants, Lordling. I tried to tell your brother when he asked his questions, him and your maester and that smiley boy Greyjoy. The cold winds are rising, and men go out from their fires and never come back?.?.?.?or if they do, they¡¯re not men no more, but only wights, with blue eyes and cold black hands. Why do you think I run south with Stiv and Hali and the rest of them fools? Mance thinks he¡¯ll fight, the brave sweet stubborn man, like the white walkers were no more than rangers, but what does he know? He can call himself King-beyond-the-Wall all he likes, but he¡¯s still just another old black crow who flew down from the Shadow Tower. He¡¯s never tasted winter. I was born up there, child, like my mother and her mother before her and her mother before her, born of the Free Folk. We remember.¡± Osha stood, her chains rattling together. ¡°I tried to tell your lordling brother. Only yesterday, when I saw him in the yard. ¡®M¡¯lord Stark,¡¯ I called to him, respectful as you please, but he looked through me, and that sweaty oaf Greatjon Umber shoves me out of the path. So be it. I¡¯ll wear my irons and hold my tongue. A man who won¡¯t listen can¡¯t hear.¡±
