   Catelyn frowned down at the map. ¡°You¡¯d put a river between the two parts of your army.¡±
   ¡°And between Jaime and Lord Tywin,¡± he said eagerly. The smile came at last. ¡°There¡¯s no crossing on the Green Fork above the ruby ford, where Robert won his crown. Not until the Twins, all the way up here, and Lord Frey controls that bridge. He¡¯s your father¡¯s bannerman, isn¡¯t that so?¡±
   The Late Lord Frey, Catelyn thought. ¡°He is,¡± she admitted, ¡°but my father has never trusted him. Nor should you.¡±
   ¡°I won¡¯t,¡± Robb promised. ¡°What do you think?¡±
   She was impressed despite herself. He looks like a Tully, she thought, yet he¡¯s still his father¡¯s son, and Ned taught him well. ¡°Which force would you command?¡±
   ¡°The horse,¡± he answered at once. Again like his father; Ned would always take the more dangerous task himself.
   ¡°And the other?¡±
   ¡°The Greatjon is always saying that we should smash Lord Tywin. I thought I¡¯d give him the honor.¡±
   It was his first misstep, but how to make him see it without wounding his fledgling confidence? ¡°Your father once told me that the Greatjon was as fearless as any man he had ever known.¡±
   Robb grinned. ¡°Grey Wind ate two of his fingers, and he laughed about it. So you agree, then?¡±
   ¡°Your father is not fearless,¡± Catelyn pointed out. ¡°He is brave, but that is very different.¡±
   Her son considered that for a moment. ¡°The eastern host will be all that stands between Lord Tywin and Winterfell,¡± he said thoughtfully. ¡°Well, them and whatever few bowmen I leave here at the Moat. So I don¡¯t want someone fearless, do I?¡±
   ¡°No. You want cold cunning, I should think, not courage.¡±
   ¡°Roose Bolton,¡± Robb said at once. ¡°That man scares me.¡±
   ¡°Then let us pray he will scare Tywin Lannister as well.¡±
   Robb nodded and rolled up the map. ¡°I¡¯ll give the commands, and assemble an escort to take you home to Winterfell.¡±
   Catelyn had fought to keep herself strong, for Ned¡¯s sake and for this stubborn brave son of theirs. She had put despair and fear aside, as if they were garments she did not choose to wear?.?.?.?but now she saw that she had donned them after all.
   ¡°I am not going to Winterfell,¡± she heard herself say, surprised at the sudden rush of tears that blurred her vision. ¡°My father may be dying behind the walls of Riverrun. My brother is surrounded by foes. I must go to them.¡±
   
   TYRION
   Chella daughter of Cheyk of the Black Ears had gone ahead to scout, and it was she who brought back word of the army at the crossroads. ¡°By their fires I call them twenty thousand strong,¡± she said. ¡°Their banners are red, with a golden lion.¡±
   ¡°Your father?¡± Bronn asked.
   ¡°Or my brother Jaime,¡± Tyrion said. ¡°We shall know soon enough.¡± He surveyed his ragged band of brigands: near three hundred Stone Crows, Moon Brothers, Black Ears, and Burned Men, and those just the seed of the army he hoped to grow. Gunthor son of Gurn was raising the other clans even now. He wondered what his lord father would make of them in their skins and bits of stolen steel. If truth be told, he did not know what to make of them himself. Was he their commander or their captive? Most of the time, it seemed to be a little of both. ¡°It might be best if I rode down alone,¡± he suggested.
   ¡°Best for Tyrion son of Tywin,¡± said Ulf, who spoke for the Moon Brothers.
   Shagga glowered, a fearsome sight to see. ¡°Shagga son of Dolf likes this not. Shagga will go with the boyman, and if the boyman lies, Shagga will chop off his manhood...¡±
   ¡°...and feed it to the goats, yes,¡± Tyrion said wearily. ¡°Shagga, I give you my word as a Lannister, I will return.¡±
   ¡°Why should we trust your word?¡± Chella was a small hard woman, flat as a boy, and no fool. ¡°Lowland lords have lied to the clans before.¡±
   ¡°You wound me, Chella,¡± Tyrion said. ¡°Here I thought we had become such friends. But as you will. You shall ride with me, and Shagga and Conn for the Stone Crows, Ulf for the Moon Brothers, and Timett son of Timett for the Burned Men.¡± The clansmen exchanged wary looks as he named them. ¡°The rest shall wait here until I send for you. Try not to kill and maim each other while I¡¯m gone.¡±
   He put his heels to his horse and trotted off, giving them no choice but to follow or be left behind. Either was fine with him, so long as they did not sit down to talk for a day and a night. That was the trouble with the clans; they had an absurd notion that every man¡¯s voice should be heard in council, so they argued about everything, endlessly. Even their women were allowed to speak. Small wonder that it had been hundreds of years since they last threatened the Vale with anything beyond an occasional raid. Tyrion meant to change that.
