   Robb rode at the front of the column, beneath the flapping white banner of Winterfell. Each day he would ask one of his lords to join him, so they might confer as they marched; he honored every man in turn, showing no favorites, listening as his lord father had listened, weighing the words of one against the other. He has learned so much from Ned, she thought as she watched him, but has he learned enough?
   The Blackfish had taken a hundred picked men and a hundred swift horses and raced ahead to screen their movements and scout the way. The reports Ser Brynden¡¯s riders brought back did little to reassure her. Lord Tywin¡¯s host was still many days to the south?.?.?.?but Walder Frey, Lord of the Crossing, had assembled a force of near four thousand men at his castles on the Green Fork.
   ¡°Late again,¡± Catelyn murmured when she heard. It was the Trident all over, damn the man. Her brother Edmure had called the banners; by rights, Lord Frey should have gone to join the Tully host at Riverrun, yet here he sat.
   ¡°Four thousand men,¡± Robb repeated, more perplexed than angry. ¡°Lord Frey cannot hope to fight the Lannisters by himself. Surely he means to join his power to ours.¡±
   ¡°Does he?¡± Catelyn asked. She had ridden forward to join Robb and Robett Glover, his companion of the day. The vanguard spread out behind them, a slow-moving forest of lances and banners and spears. ¡°I wonder. Expect nothing of Walder Frey, and you will never be surprised.¡±
   ¡°He¡¯s your father¡¯s bannerman.¡±
   ¡°Some men take their oaths more seriously than others, Robb. And Lord Walder was always friendlier with Casterly Rock than my father would have liked. One of his sons is wed to Tywin Lannister¡¯s sister. That means little of itself, to be sure. Lord Walder has sired a great many children over the years, and they must needs marry someone. Still?.?.?.?¡±
   ¡°Do you think he means to betray us to the Lannisters, my lady?¡± Robett Glover asked gravely.
   Catelyn sighed. ¡°If truth be told, I doubt even Lord Frey knows what Lord Frey intends to do. He has an old man¡¯s caution and a young man¡¯s ambition, and has never lacked for cunning.¡±
   ¡°We must have the Twins, Mother,¡± Robb said heatedly. ¡°There is no other way across the river. You know that.¡±
   ¡°Yes. And so does Walder Frey, you can be sure of that.¡±
   That night they made camp on the southern edge of the bogs, halfway between the kingsroad and the river. It was there Theon Greyjoy brought them further word from her uncle. ¡°Ser Brynden says to tell you he¡¯s crossed swords with the Lannisters. There are a dozen scouts who won¡¯t be reporting back to Lord Tywin anytime soon. Or ever.¡± He grinned. ¡°Ser Addam Marbrand commands their outriders, and he¡¯s pulling back south, burning as he goes. He knows where we are, more or less, but the Blackfish vows he will not know when we split.¡±
   ¡°Unless Lord Frey tells him,¡± Catelyn said sharply. ¡°Theon, when you return to my uncle, tell him he is to place his best bowmen around the Twins, day and night, with orders to bring down any raven they see leaving the battlements. I want no birds bringing word of my son¡¯s movements to Lord Tywin.¡±
   ¡°Ser Brynden has seen to it already, my lady,¡± Theon replied with a cocky smile. ¡°A few more blackbirds, and we should have enough to bake a pie. I¡¯ll save you their feathers for a hat.¡±
   She ought to have known that Brynden Blackfish would be well ahead of her. ¡°What have the Freys been doing while the Lannisters burn their fields and plunder their holdfasts?¡±
   ¡°There¡¯s been some fighting between Ser Addam¡¯s men and Lord Walder¡¯s,¡± Theon answered. ¡°Not a day¡¯s ride from here, we found two Lannister scouts feeding the crows where the Freys had strung them up. Most of Lord Walder¡¯s strength remains massed at the Twins, though.¡±
   That bore Walder Frey¡¯s seal beyond a doubt, Catelyn thought bitterly; hold back, wait, watch, take no risk unless forced to it.
   ¡°If he¡¯s been fighting the Lannisters, perhaps he does mean to hold to his vows,¡± Robb said.
   Catelyn was less encouraged. ¡°Defending his own lands is one thing, open battle against Lord Tywin quite another.¡±
   Robb turned back to Theon Greyjoy. ¡°Has the Blackfish found any other way across the Green Fork?¡±
   Theon shook his head. ¡°The river¡¯s running high and fast. Ser Brynden says it can¡¯t be forded, not this far north.¡±
   ¡°I must have that crossing!¡± Robb declared, fuming. ¡°Oh, our horses might be able to swim the river, I suppose, but not with armored men on their backs. We¡¯d need to build rafts to pole our steel across, helms and mail and lances, and we don¡¯t have the trees for that. Or the time. Lord Tywin is marching north?.?.?.?¡± He balled his hand into a fist.
