   All the while the man atop the lamb girl continued to plunge in and out of her, so intent on his pleasure that he seemed unaware of what was going on around him. Ser Jorah dismounted and wrenched him off with a mailed hand. The Dothraki went sprawling in the mud, bounced up with a knife in hand, and died with Aggo¡¯s arrow through his throat. Mormont pulled the girl off the pile of corpses and wrapped her in his blood-spattered cloak. He led her across the road to Dany. ¡°What do you want done with her?¡±
   The girl was trembling, her eyes wide and vague. Her hair was matted with blood. ¡°Doreah, see to her hurts. You do not have a rider¡¯s look, perhaps she will not fear you. The rest, with me.¡± She urged the silver through the broken wooden gate.
   It was worse inside the town. Many of the houses were afire, and the jaqqa rhan had been about their grisly work. Headless corpses filled the narrow, twisty lanes. They passed other women being raped. Each time Dany reined up, sent her khas to make an end to it, and claimed the victim as slave. One of them, a thick-bodied, flat-nosed woman of forty years, blessed Dany haltingly in the Common Tongue, but from the others she got only flat black stares. They were suspicious of her, she realized with sadness; afraid that she had saved them for some worse fate.
   ¡°You cannot claim them all, child,¡± Ser Jorah said, the fourth time they stopped, while the warriors of her khas herded her new slaves behind her.
   ¡°I am khaleesi, heir to the Seven Kingdoms, the blood of the dragon,¡± Dany reminded him. ¡°It is not for you to tell me what I cannot do.¡± Across the city, a building collapsed in a great gout of fire and smoke, and she heard distant screams and the wailing of frightened children.
   They found Khal Drogo seated before a square windowless temple with thick mud walls and a bulbous dome like some immense brown onion. Beside him was a pile of heads taller than he was. One of the short arrows of the Lamb Men stuck through the meat of his upper arm, and blood covered the left side of his bare chest like a splash of paint. His three bloodriders were with him.
   Jhiqui helped Dany dismount; she had grown clumsy as her belly grew larger and heavier. She knelt before the khal. ¡°My sun-and-stars is wounded.¡± The arakh cut was wide but shallow; his left nipple was gone, and a flap of bloody flesh and skin dangled from his chest like a wet rag.
   ¡°Is scratch, moon of life, from arakh of one bloodrider to Khal Ogo,¡± Khal Drogo said in the Common Tongue. ¡°I kill him for it, and Ogo too.¡± He turned his head, the bells in his braid ringing softly. ¡°Is Ogo you hear, and Fogo his khalakka, who was khal when I slew him.¡±
   ¡°No man can stand before the sun of my life,¡± Dany said, ¡°the father of the stallion who mounts the world.¡±
   A mounted warrior rode up and vaulted from his saddle. He spoke to Haggo, a stream of angry Dothraki too fast for Dany to understand. The huge bloodrider gave her a heavy look before he turned to his khal ¡°This one is Mago, who rides in the khas of Ko Jhaqo. He says the khaleesi has taken his spoils, a daughter of the lambs who was his to mount.¡±
   Khal Drogo¡¯s face was still and hard, but his black eyes were curious as they went to Dany. ¡°Tell me the truth of this, moon of my life,¡± he commanded in Dothraki.
   Dany told him what she had done, in his own tongue so the khal would understand her better, her words simple and direct.
   When she was done, Drogo was frowning. ¡°This is the way of war. These women are our slaves now, to do with as we please.¡±
   ¡°It pleases me to hold them safe,¡± Dany said, wondering if she had dared too much. ¡°If your warriors would mount these women, let them take them gently and keep them for wives. Give them places in the khalasar and let them bear you sons.¡±
   Qotho was ever the cruelest of the bloodriders. It was he who laughed. ¡°Does the horse breed with the sheep?¡±
   Something in his tone reminded her of Viserys. Dany turned on him angrily. ¡°The dragon feeds on horse and sheep alike.¡±
   Khal Drogo smiled. ¡°See how fierce she grows!¡± he said. ¡°It is my son inside her, the stallion who mounts the world, filling her with his fire. Ride slowly, Qotho?.?.?.?if the mother does not burn you where you sit, the son will trample you into the mud. And you, Mago, hold your tongue and find another lamb to mount. These belong to my khaleesi.¡± He started to reach out a hand to Daenerys, but as he lifted his arm Drogo grimaced in sudden pain and turned his head.
   Dany could almost feel his agony. The wounds were worse than Ser Jorah had led her to believe. ¡°Where are the healers?¡± she demanded. The khalasar had two sorts: barren women and eunuch slaves. The herbwomen dealt in potions and spells, the eunuchs in knife, needle, and fire. ¡°Why do they not attend the khal?¡±
