   A thrown spear came hurtling at Tyrion from the left and lodged in his shield with a woody chunk. He wheeled and raced after the thrower, but the man raised his own shield over his head. Tyrion circled around him, raining axe blows down on the wood. Chips of oak went flying, until the northerner lost his feet and slipped, failing flat on his back with his shield on top of him. He was below the reach of Tyrion¡¯s axe and it was too much bother to dismount, so he left him there and rode after another man, taking him from behind with a sweeping downcut that sent a jolt of impact up his arm. That won him a moment¡¯s respite. Reining up, he looked for the river. There it was, off to the right. Somehow he had gotten turned around.
   A Burned Man rode past, slumped against his horse. A spear had entered his belly and come out through his back. He was past any help, but when Tyrion saw one of the northerners run up and make a grab for his reins, he charged.
   His quarry met him sword in hand. He was tall and spare, wearing a long chainmail hauberk and gauntlets of lobstered steel, but he¡¯d lost his helm and blood ran down into his eyes from a gash across his forehead. Tyrion aimed a swipe at his face, but the tall man slammed it aside. ¡°Dwarf,¡± he screamed. ¡°Die.¡± He turned in a circle as Tyrion rode around him, hacking at his head and shoulders. Steel rang on steel, and Tyrion soon realized that the tall man was quicker and stronger than he was. Where in the seven hells was Bronn? ¡°Die,¡± the man grunted, chopping at him savagely. Tyrion barely got his shield up in time, and the wood seemed to explode inward under the force of the blow. The shattered pieces fell away from his arm. ¡°Die!¡± the swordsman bellowed, shoving in close and whanging Tyrion across the temple so hard his head rang. The blade made a hideous scraping sound as he drew it back over the steel. The tall man grinned?.?.?.?until Tyrion¡¯s destrier bit, quick as a snake, laying his cheek bare to the bone. Then he screamed. Tyrion buried his axe in his head. ¡°You die,¡± he told him, and he did.
   As he wrenched the blade free, he heard a shout. ¡®Eddard!¡± a voice rang out. ¡°For Eddard and Winterfell!¡± The knight came thundering down on him, swinging the spiked ball of a morningstar around his head. Their warhorses slammed together before Tyrion could so much as open his mouth to shout for Bronn. His right elbow exploded with pain as the spikes punched through the thin metal around the joint. His axe was gone, as fast as that. He clawed for his sword, but the morningstar was circling again, coming at his face. A sickening crunch, and he was falling. He did not recall hitting the ground, but when he looked up there was only sky above him. He rolled onto his side and tried to find his feet, but pain shuddered through him and the world throbbed. The knight who had felled him drew up above him. ¡°Tyrion the Imp,¡± he boomed down. ¡°You are mine. Do you yield, Lannister?¡±
   Yes, Tyrion thought, but the word caught in his throat. He made a croaking sound and fought his way to his knees, fumbling for a weapon. His sword, his dirk, anything?.?.?.?
   ¡°Do you yield?¡± The knight loomed overhead on his armored warhorse. Man and horse both seemed immense. The spiked ball swung in a lazy circle. Tyrion¡¯s hands were numb, his vision blurred, his scabbard empty. ¡°Yield or die,¡± the knight declared, his flail whirling faster and faster.
   Tyrion lurched to his feet, driving his head into the horse¡¯s belly. The animal gave a hideous scream and reared. It tried to twist away from the agony, a shower of blood and viscera poured down over Tyrion¡¯s face, and the horse fell like an avalanche. The next he knew, his visor was packed with mud and something was crushing his foot. He wriggled free, his throat so tight he could scarce talk. ¡°?.?.?.?yield?.?.?.?¡± he managed to croak faintly.
   ¡°Yes,¡± a voice moaned, thick with pain.
   Tyrion scraped the mud off his helm so he could see again. The horse had fallen away from him, onto its rider. The knight¡¯s leg was trapped, the arm he¡¯d used to break his fall twisted at a grotesque angle. ¡°Yield,¡± he repeated. Fumbling at his belt with his good hand, he drew a sword and flung it at Tyrion¡¯s feet. ¡°I yield, my lord.¡±
