   ¡°She¡¯s still here,¡± Arya blurted. The longshoreman gave her a queer look, shrugged, and walked away. Arya ran toward the pier. The Wind Witch was the ship Father had hired to take her home?.?.?.?still waiting! She¡¯d imagined it had sailed ages ago.
   Two of the guardsmen were dicing together while the third walked rounds, his hand on the pommel of his sword. Ashamed to let them see her crying like a baby, she stopped to rub at her eyes. Her eyes her eyes her eyes, why did?.?.?.?
   Look with your eyes, she heard Syrio whisper.
   Arya looked. She knew all of her father¡¯s men. The three in the grey cloaks were strangers. ¡°You,¡± the one walking rounds called out. ¡°What do you want here, boy?¡± The other two looked up from their dice.
   It was all Arya could do not to bolt and run, but she knew that if she did, they would be after her at once. She made herself walk closer. They were looking for a girl, but he thought she was a boy. She¡¯d be a boy, then. ¡°Want to buy a pigeon?¡± She showed him the dead bird.
   ¡°Get out of here,¡± the guardsman said.
   Arya did as he told her. She did not have to pretend to be frightened. Behind her, the men went back to their dice.
   She could not have said how she got back to Flea Bottom, but she was breathing hard by the time she reached the narrow crooked unpaved streets between the hills. The Bottom had a stench to it, a stink of pigsties and stables and tanner¡¯s sheds, mixed in with the sour smell of winesinks and cheap whorehouses. Arya wound her way through the maze dully. It was not until she caught a whiff of bubbling brown coming through a pot-shop door that she realized her pigeon was gone. It must have slipped from her belt as she ran, or someone had stolen it and she¡¯d never noticed. For a moment she wanted to cry again. She¡¯d have to walk all the way back to the Street of Flour to find another one that plump.
   Far across the city, bells began to ring.
   Arya glanced up, listening, wondering what the ringing meant this time.
   ¡°What¡¯s this now?¡± a fat man called from the pot-shop.
   ¡°The bells again, gods ha¡¯mercy,¡± wailed an old woman.
   A red-haired whore in a wisp of painted silk pushed open a second-story window. ¡°Is it the boy king that¡¯s died now?¡± she shouted down, leaning out over the street. ¡°Ah, that¡¯s a boy for you, they never last long.¡± As she laughed, a naked man slid his arms around her from behind, biting her neck and rubbing the heavy white breasts that hung loose beneath her shift.
   ¡°Stupid slut,¡± the fat man shouted up. ¡°The king¡¯s not dead, that¡¯s only summoning bells. One tower tolling. When the king dies, they ring every bell in the city.¡±
   ¡°Here, quit your biting, or I¡¯ll ring your bells,¡± the woman in the window said to the man behind her, pushing him off with an elbow. ¡°So who is it died, if not the king?¡±
   ¡°It¡¯s a summoning,¡± the fat man repeated.
   Two boys close to Arya¡¯s age scampered past, splashing through a puddle. The old woman cursed them, but they kept right on going. Other people were moving too, heading up the hill to see what the noise was about. Arya ran after the slower boy. ¡°Where you going?¡± she shouted when she was right behind him. ¡°What¡¯s happening?¡±
   He glanced back without slowing. ¡°The gold cloaks is carryin¡¯ him to the sept.¡±
   ¡°Who?¡± she yelled, running hard.
   ¡°The Hand! They¡¯ll be taking his head off, Buu says.¡±
   A passing wagon had left a deep rut in the street. The boy leapt over, but Arya never saw it. She tripped and fell, face first, scraping her knee open on a stone and smashing her fingers when her hands hit the hard-packed earth. Needle tangled between her legs. She sobbed as she struggled to her knees. The thumb of her left hand was covered with blood. When she sucked on it, she saw that half the thumbnail was gone, ripped off in her fall. Her hands throbbed, and her knee was all bloody too.
   ¡°Make way!¡± someone shouted from the cross street. ¡°Make way for my lords of Redwyne!¡± It was all Arya could do to get out of the road before they ran her down, four guardsmen on huge horses, pounding past at a gallop. They wore checked cloaks, blue-and-burgundy. Behind them, two young lordlings rode side by side on a pair of chestnut mares alike as peas in a pod. Arya had seen them in the bailey a hundred times; the Redwyne twins, Ser Horas and Ser Hobber, homely youths with orange hair and square, freckled faces. Sansa and Jeyne Poole used to call them Ser Horror and Ser Slobber, and giggle whenever they caught sight of them. They did not look funny now.
   Everyone was moving in the same direction, all in a hurry to see what the ringing was all about. The bells seemed louder now, clanging, calling. Arya joined the stream of people. Her thumb hurt so bad where the nail had broken that it was all she could do not to cry. She bit her lip as she limped along, listening to the excited voices around her.
