   Her father raised his voice still higher, straining to be heard. ¡°I betrayed the faith of my king and the trust of my friend, Robert,¡± he shouted. ¡°I swore to defend and protect his children, yet before his blood was cold, I plotted to depose and murder his son and seize the throne for myself. Let the High Septon and Baelor the Beloved and the Seven bear witness to the truth of what I say: Joffrey Baratheon is the one true heir to the Iron Throne, and by the grace of all the gods, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm.¡±
   A stone came sailing out of the crowd. Arya cried out as she saw her father hit. The gold cloaks kept him from falling. Blood ran down his face from a deep gash across his forehead. More stones followed. One struck the guard to Father¡¯s left. Another went clanging off the breastplate of the knight in the black-and-gold armor. Two of the Kingsguard stepped in front of Joffrey and the queen, protecting them with their shields.
   Her hand slid beneath her cloak and found Needle in its sheath. She tightened her fingers around the grip, squeezing as hard as she had ever squeezed anything. Please, gods, keep him safe, she prayed. Don¡¯t let them hurt my father.
   The High Septon knelt before Joffrey and his mother. ¡°As we sin, so do we suffer,¡± he intoned, in a deep swelling voice much louder than Father¡¯s. ¡°This man has confessed his crimes in the sight of gods and men, here in this holy place.¡± Rainbows danced around his head as he lifted his hands in entreaty. ¡°The gods are just, yet Blessed Baelor taught us that they are also merciful. What shall be done with this traitor, Your Grace?¡±
   A thousand voices were screaming, but Arya never heard them. Prince Joffrey?.?.?.?no, King Joffrey?.?.?.?stepped out from behind the shields of his Kingsguard. ¡°My mother bids me let Lord Eddard take the black, and Lady Sansa has begged mercy for her father.¡± He looked straight at Sansa then, and smiled, and for a moment Arya thought that the gods had heard her prayer, until Joffrey turned back to the crowd and said, ¡°But they have the soft hearts of women. So long as I am your king, treason shall never go unpunished. Ser Ilyn, bring me his head!¡±
   The crowd roared, and Arya felt the statue of Baelor rock as they surged against it. The High Septon clutched at the king¡¯s cape, and Varys came rushing over waving his arms, and even the queen was saying something to him, but Joffrey shook his head. Lords and knights moved aside as he stepped through, tall and fleshless, a skeleton in iron mail, the King¡¯s Justice. Dimly, as if from far off, Arya heard her sister scream. Sansa had fallen to her knees, sobbing hysterically. Ser Ilyn Payne climbed the steps of the pulpit.
   Arya wriggled between Baelor¡¯s feet and threw herself into the crowd, drawing Needle. She landed on a man in a butcher¡¯s apron, knocking him to the ground. Immediately someone slammed into her back and she almost went down herself. Bodies closed in around her, stumbling and pushing, trampling on the poor butcher. Arya slashed at them with Needle.
   High atop the pulpit, Ser Ilyn Payne gestured and the knight in black-and-gold gave a command. The gold cloaks flung Lord Eddard to the marble, with his head and chest out over the edge.
   ¡°Here, you!¡± an angry voice shouted at Arya, but she bowled past, shoving people aside, squirming between them, slamming into anyone in her way. A hand fumbled at her leg and she hacked at it, kicked at shins. A woman stumbled and Arya ran up her back, cutting to both sides, but it was no good, no good, there were too many people, no sooner did she make a hole than it closed again. Someone buffeted her aside. She could still hear Sansa screaming.
   Ser Ilyn drew a two-handed greatsword from the scabbard on his back. As he lifted the blade above his head, sunlight seemed to ripple and dance down the dark metal, glinting off an edge sharper than any razor. Ice, she thought, he has Ice! Her tears streamed down her face, blinding her.
   And then a hand shot out of the press and closed round her arm like a wolf trap, so hard that Needle went flying from her hand. Arya was wrenched off her feet. She would have fallen if he hadn¡¯t held her up, as easy as if she were a doll. A face pressed close to hers, long black hair and tangled beard and rotten teeth. ¡°Don¡¯t look!¡± a thick voice snarled at her.
   ¡°I?.?.?.?I?.?.?.?I?.?.?.?¡± Arya sobbed.
   The old man shook her so hard her teeth rattled. ¡°Shut your mouth and close your eyes, boy.¡± Dimly, as if from far away, she heard a?.?.?.?a noise?.?.?.?a soft sighing sound, as if a million people had let out their breath at once. The old man¡¯s fingers dug into her arm, stiff as iron. ¡°Look at me. Yes, that¡¯s the way of it, at me.¡± Sour wine perfumed his breath. ¡°Remember, boy?¡±
