   ¡°Good,¡± Mormont said. ¡°We¡¯ve seen the dead come back, you and me, and it¡¯s not something I care to see again.¡± He ate the egg in two bites and flicked a bit of shell out from between his teeth. ¡°Your brother is in the field with all the power of the north behind him. Any one of his lords bannermen commands more swords than you¡¯ll find in all the Night¡¯s Watch. Why do you imagine that they need your help? Are you such a mighty warrior, or do you carry a grumkin in your pocket to magic up your sword?¡±
   Jon had no answer for him. The raven was pecking at an egg, breaking the shell. Pushing his beak through the hole, he pulled out morsels of white and yoke.
   The Old Bear sighed. ¡°You are not the only one touched by this war. Like as not, my sister is marching in your brother¡¯s host, her and those daughters of hers, dressed in men¡¯s mail. Maege is a hoary old snark, stubborn, short-tempered, and willful. Truth be told, I can hardly stand to be around the wretched woman, but that does not mean my love for her is any less than the love you bear your half sisters.¡± Frowning, Mormont took his last egg and squeezed it in his fist until the shell crunched. ¡°Or perhaps it does. Be that as it may, I¡¯d still grieve if she were slain, yet you don¡¯t see me running off. I said the words, just as you did. My place is here?.?.?.?where is yours, boy?¡±
   I have no place, Jon wanted to say, I¡¯m a bastard, I have no rights, no name, no mother, and now not even a father. The words would not come. ¡°I don¡¯t know.¡±
   ¡°I do,¡± said Lord Commander Mormont. ¡°The cold winds are rising, Snow. Beyond the Wall, the shadows lengthen. Cotter Pyke writes of vast herds of elk, streaming south and east toward the sea, and mammoths as well. He says one of his men discovered huge, misshapen footprints not three leagues from Eastwatch. Rangers from the Shadow Tower have found whole villages abandoned, and at night Ser Denys says they see fires in the mountains, huge blazes that burn from dusk till dawn. Quorin Halfhand took a captive in the depths of the Gorge, and the man swears that Mance Rayder is massing all his people in some new, secret stronghold he¡¯s found, to what end the gods only know. Do you think your uncle Benjen was the only ranger we¡¯ve lost this past year?¡±
   ¡°Ben Jen,¡± the raven squawked, bobbing its head, bits of egg dribbling from its beak. ¡°Ben Jen. Ben Jen.¡±
   ¡°No,¡± Jon said. There had been others. Too many.
   ¡°Do you think your brother¡¯s war is more important than ours?¡± the old man barked.
   Jon chewed his lip. The raven flapped its wings at him. ¡°War, war, war, war,¡± it sang.
   ¡°It¡¯s not,¡± Mormont told him. ¡°Gods save us, boy, you¡¯re not blind and you¡¯re not stupid. When dead men come hunting in the night, do you think it matters who sits the Iron Throne?¡±
   ¡°No.¡± Jon had not thought of it that way.
   ¡°Your lord father sent you to us, Jon. Why, who can say?¡±
   ¡°Why? Why? Why?¡± the raven called.
   ¡°All I know is that the blood of the First Men flows in the veins of the Starks. The First Men built the Wall, and it¡¯s said they remember things otherwise forgotten. And that beast of yours?.?.?.?he led us to the wights, warned you of the dead man on the steps. Ser Jaremy would doubtless call that happenstance, yet Ser Jaremy is dead and I¡¯m not.¡± Lord Mormont stabbed a chunk of ham with the point of his dagger. ¡°I think you were meant to be here, and I want you and that wolf of yours with us when we go beyond the Wall.¡±
   His words sent a chill of excitement down Jon¡¯s back. ¡°Beyond the Wall?¡±
   ¡°You heard me. I mean to find Ben Stark, alive or dead.¡± He chewed and swallowed. ¡°I will not sit here meekly and wait for the snows and the ice winds. We must know what is happening. This time the Night¡¯s Watch will ride in force, against the King-beyond-the-Wall, the Others, and anything else that may be out there. I mean to command them myself.¡± He pointed his dagger at Jon¡¯s chest. ¡°By custom, the Lord Commander¡¯s steward is his squire as well?.?.?.?but I do not care to wake every dawn wondering if you¡¯ve run off again. So I will have an answer from you, Lord Snow, and I will have it now. Are you a brother of the Night¡¯s Watch?.?.?.?or only a bastard boy who wants to play at war?¡±
   Jon Snow straightened himself and took a long deep breath. Forgive me, Father. Robb, Arya, Bran?.?.?.?forgive me, I cannot help you. He has the truth of it. This is my place. ¡°I am?.?.?.?yours, my lord. Your man. I swear it. I will not run again.¡±
   The Old Bear snorted. ¡°Good. Now go put on your sword.¡±
   
   CATELYN
   It seemed a thousand years ago that Catelyn Stark had carried her infant son out of Riverrun, crossing the Tumblestone in a small boat to begin their journey north to Winterfell. And it was across the Tumblestone that they came home now, though the boy wore plate and mail in place of swaddling clothes.
