¡¡¡¡The chain around his throat felt very heavy. He touched one of the crystals lightly with the tip of his little finger. Such a small thing to hold the power of life and death. It was made from a certain plant that grew only on the islands of the Jade Sea, half a world away. The leaves had to be aged, and soaked in a wash of limes and sugar water and certain rare spices from the Summer Isles. Afterward they could be discarded, but the potion must be thickened with ash and allowed to crystallize. The process was slow and difficult, the necessaries costly and hard to acquire. The alchemists of Lys knew the way of it, though, and the Faceless Men of Braavos . . . and the maesters of his order as well, though it was not something talked about beyond the walls of the Citadel. All the world knew that a maester forged his silver link when he learned the art of healing¡ªbut the world preferred to forget that men who knew how to heal also knew how to kill. 
¡¡¡¡Cressen no longer recalled the name the Asshai¡¯i gave the leaf, or the Lysene poisoners the crystal. In the Citadel, it was simply called the strangler. Dissolved in wine, it would make the muscles of a man¡¯s throat clench tighter than any fist, shutting off his windpipe. They said a victim¡¯s face turned as purple as the little crystal seed from which his death was grown, but so too did a man choking on a morsel of food. And this very night Lord Stannis would feast his bannermen, his lady wife . . . and the red woman, Melisandre of Asshai. 
¡¡¡¡I must rest, Maester Cressen told himself. I must have all my strength come dark. My hands must not shake, nor my courage flag. It is a dreadful thing I do, yet it must be done. If there are gods, surely they will forgive me. He had slept so poorly of late. A nap would refresh him for the ordeal ahead. Wearily, he tottered off to his bed. Yet when he closed his eyes, he could still see the light of the comet, red and fiery and vividly alive amidst the darkness of his dreams. Perhaps it is my comet, he thought drowsily at the last, just before sleep took him. An omen of blood, foretelling murder . . . yes . . . 
¡¡¡¡When he woke it was full dark, his bedchamber was black, and every joint in his body ached. Cressen pushed himself up, his head throbbing. Clutching for his cane, he rose unsteady to his feet. So late, he thought. They did not summon me. He was always summoned for feasts, seated near the salt, close to Lord Stannis. His lord¡¯s face swam up before him, not the man he was but the boy he had been, standing cold in the shadows while the sun shone on his elder brother. Whatever he did, Robert had done first, and better. Poor boy . . . he must hurry, for his sake. 
¡¡¡¡The maester found the crystals where he had left them, and scooped them off the parchment. Cressen owned no hollow rings, such as the poisoners of Lys were said to favor, but a myriad of pockets great and small were sewn inside the loose sleeves of his robe. He secreted the strangler seeds in one of them, threw open his door, and called, ¡°Pylos? Where are you?¡± When he heard no reply, he called again, louder. ¡°Pylos, I need help.¡± Still there came no answer. That was queer; the young maester had his cell only a half turn down the stair, within easy earshot. 
¡¡¡¡In the end, Cressen had to shout for the servants. ¡°Make haste,¡± he told them. ¡°I have slept too long. They will be feasting by now . . . drinking . . . I should have been woken.¡± What had happened to Maester Pylos? Truly, he did not understand. 
¡¡¡¡Again he had to cross the long gallery. A night wind whispered through the great windows, sharp with the smell of the sea. Torches flickered along the walls of Dragonstone, and in the camp beyond, he could see hundreds of cookfires burning, as if a field of stars had fallen to the earth. Above, the comet blazed red and malevolent. I am too old and wise to fear such things, the maester told himself. 
¡¡¡¡The doors to the Great Hall were set in the mouth of a stone dragon. He told the servants to leave him outside. It would be better to enter alone; he must not appear feeble. Leaning heavily on his cane, Cressen climbed the last few steps and hobbled beneath the gateway teeth. A pair of guardsmen opened the heavy red doors before him, unleashing a sudden blast of noise and light. Cressen stepped down into the dragon¡¯s maw. Over the clatter of knife and plate and the low mutter of table talk, he heard Patchface singing, ¡°. . . dance, my lord, dance my lord,¡± to the accompaniment of jangling cowbells. The same dreadful song he¡¯d sung this morning. ¡°The shadows come to stay, my lord, stay my lord, stay my lord.¡± The lower tables were crowded with knights, archers, and sellsword captains, tearing apart loaves of black bread to soak in their fish stew. Here there was no loud laughter, no raucous shouting such as marred the dignity of other men¡¯s feasts; Lord Stannis did not permit such. 
