¡¡¡¡Vylarr grew hesitant. ¡°His Grace has told us he wishes the traitors¡¯ heads to remain on the walls until he fills those last three empty spikes there on the end.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Let me hazard a wild stab. One is for Robb Stark, the others for Lords Stannis and Renly. Would that be right?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Yes, my lord.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°My nephew is thirteen years old today, Vylarr. Try and recall that. I¡¯ll have the heads down on the morrow, or one of those empty spikes may have a different lodger. Do you take my meaning, Captain?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I¡¯ll see that they¡¯re taken down myself, my lord.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Good.¡± Tyrion put his heels into his horse and trotted away, leaving the red cloaks to follow as best they could. 
¡¡¡¡He had told Cersei he intended to take the measure of the city. That was not entirely a lie. Tyrion Lannister was not pleased by much of what he saw. The streets of King¡¯s Landing had always been teeming and raucous and noisy, but now they reeked of danger in a way that he did not recall from past visits. A naked corpse sprawled in the gutter near the Street of Looms, being torn at by a pack of feral dogs, yet no one seemed to care. Watchmen were much in evidence, moving in pairs through the alleys in their gold cloaks and shirts of black ringmail, iron cudgels never far from their hands. The markets were crowded with ragged men selling their household goods for any price they could get . . . and conspicuously empty of farmers selling food. What little produce he did see was three times as costly as it had been a year ago. One peddler was hawking rats roasted on a skewer. ¡°Fresh rats,¡± he cried loudly, ¡°fresh rats.¡± Doubtless fresh rats were to be preferred to old stale rotten rats. The frightening thing was, the rats looked more appetizing than most of what the butchers were selling. On the Street of Flour, Tyrion saw guards at every other shop door. When times grew lean, even bakers found sellswords cheaper than bread, he reflected. 
¡¡¡¡¡°There is no food coming in, is there?¡± he said to Vylarr. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Little enough,¡± the captain admitted. ¡°With the war in the riverlands and Lord Renly raising rebels in Highgarden, the roads are closed to south and west.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°And what has my good sister done about this?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°She is taking steps to restore the king¡¯s peace,¡± Vylarr assured him. ¡°Lord Slynt has tripled the size of the City Watch, and the queen has put a thousand craftsmen to work on our defenses. The stonemasons are strengthening the walls, carpenters are building scorpions and catapults by the hundred, fletchers are making arrows, the smiths are forging blades, and the Alchemists¡¯ Guild has pledged ten thousand jars of wildfire.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Tyrion shifted uncomfortably in his saddle. He was pleased that Cersei had not been idle, but wildfire was treacherous stuff, and ten thousand jars were enough to turn all of King¡¯s Landing into cinders. ¡°Where has my sister found the coin to pay for all of this?¡± it was no secret that King Robert had left the crown vastly in debt, and alchemists were seldom mistaken for altruists. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Lord Littlefinger always finds a way, my lord. He has imposed a tax on those wishing to enter the city.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Yes, that would work,¡± Tyrion said, thinking, Clever. Clever and cruel. Tens of thousands had fled the fighting for the supposed safety of King¡¯s Landing. He had seen them on the kingsroad, troupes of mothers and children and anxious fathers who had gazed on his horses and wagons with covetous eyes. Once they reached the city they would doubtless pay over all they had to put those high comforting walls between them and the war . . . though they might think twice if they knew about the wildfire. 
¡¡¡¡The inn beneath the sign of the broken anvil stood within sight of those walls, near the Gate of the Gods where they had entered that morning. As they rode into its courtyard, a boy ran out to help Tyrion down from his horse. ¡°Take your men back to the castle,¡± he told Vylarr. ¡°I¡¯ll be spending the night here.¡± 
¡¡¡¡The captain looked dubious. ¡°Will you be safe, my lord?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Well, as to that, Captain, when I left the inn this morning it was full of Black Ears. One is never quite safe when Chella daughter of Cheyk is about.¡± Tyrion waddled toward the door, leaving Vylarr to puzzle at his meaning. 
¡¡¡¡A gust of merriment greeted him as he shoved into the inn¡¯s common room. He recognized Chella¡¯s throaty chuckle and the lighter music of Shae¡¯s laughter. The girl was seated by the hearth, sipping wine at a round wooden table with three of the Black Ears he¡¯d left to guard her and a plump man whose back was to him. The innkeeper, he assumed . . . until Shae called Tyrion by name and the intruder rose. ¡°My good lord, I am so pleased to see you,¡± he gushed, a soft eunuch¡¯s smile on his powdered face. 
¡¡¡¡Tyrion stumbled. ¡°Lord Varys. I had not thought to see you here.¡± The Others take him, how did he find them so quickly? 
