¡¡¡¡Tyrion sipped at his wine, thoughtful. ¡°Perhaps. Or not. That would depend on the sellsword, it seems.¡± He set down his cup. ¡°Come, let¡¯s go upstairs.¡± 
¡¡¡¡She had to wait for him at the top of the steps, for her legs were slim and supple while his were short and stunted and full of aches. But she was smiling when he reached her. ¡°Did you miss me?¡± she teased as she took his hand. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Desperately,¡± Tyrion admitted. Shae only stood a shade over five feet, yet still he must look up to her . . . but in her case he found he did not mind. She was sweet to look up at. 
¡¡¡¡¡°You¡¯ll miss me all the time in your Red Keep,¡± she said as she led him to her room. ¡°All alone in your cold bed in your Tower of the Hand.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Too true.¡± Tyrion would gladly have kept her with him, but his lord father had forbidden it. You will not take the whore to court, Lord Tywin had commanded. Bringing her to the city was as much defiance as he dared. All his authority derived from his father, the girl had to understand that. ¡°You won¡¯t be far,¡± he promised. ¡°You¡¯ll have a house, with guards and servants, and I¡¯ll visit as often as I¡¯m able.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Shae kicked shut the door. Through the cloudy panes of the narrow window, he could make out the Great Sept of Baelor crowning Visenya¡¯s Hill but Tyrion was distracted by a different sight. Bending, Shae took her gown by the hem, drew it over her head, and tossed it aside. She did not believe in smallclothes. ¡°You¡¯ll never be able to rest,¡± she said as she stood before him, pink and nude and lovely, one hand braced on her hip. ¡°You¡¯ll think of me every time you go to bed. Then you¡¯ll get hard and you¡¯ll have no one to help you and you¡¯ll never be able to sleep unless you¡±¡ªshe grinned that wicked grin Tyrion liked so well¡ª¡±is that why they call it the Tower of the Hand, m¡¯lord?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Be quiet and kiss me,¡± he commanded. 
¡¡¡¡He could taste the wine on her lips, and feel her small firm breasts pressed against him as her fingers moved to the lacings of his breeches. ¡°My lion,¡± she whispered when he broke off the kiss to undress. ¡°My sweet lord, my giant of Lannister.¡± Tyrion pushed her toward the bed. When he entered her, she screamed loud enough to wake Baelor the Blessed in his tomb, and her nails left gouges in his back. He¡¯d never had a pain he liked half so well. 
¡¡¡¡Fool, he thought to himself afterward, as they lay in the center of the sagging mattress amidst the rumpled sheets. Will you never learn, dwarf? She¡¯s a whore, damn you, it¡¯s your coin she loves, not your cock. Remember Tysha? Yet when his fingers trailed lightly over one nipple, it stiffened at the touch, and he could see the mark on her breast where he¡¯d bitten her in his passion. 
¡¡¡¡¡°So what will you do, m¡¯lord, now that you¡¯re the Hand of the King?¡± Shae asked him as he cupped that warm sweet flesh. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Something Cersei will never expect,¡± Tyrion murmured softly against her slender neck. ¡°I¡¯ll do . . . justice.¡± 
¡¡¡¡CHAPTER 4 
¡¡¡¡BRAN 
¡¡¡¡Bran preferred the hard stone of the window seat to the comforts of his featherbed and blankets. Abed, the walls pressed close and the ceiling hung heavy above him; abed, the room was his cell, and Winterfell his prison. Yet outside his window, the wide world still called. 
¡¡¡¡He could not walk, nor climb nor hunt nor fight with a wooden sword as once he had, but he could still look. He liked to watch the windows begin to glow all over Winterfell as candles and hearth fires were lit behind the diamond-shaped panes of tower and hall, and he loved to listen to the direwolves sing to the stars. 
¡¡¡¡Of late, he often dreamed of wolves. They are talking to me, brother to brother, he told himself when the direwolves howled. He could almost understand them . . . not quite, not truly, but almost . . . as if they were singing in a language he had once known and somehow forgotten. The Walders might be scared of them, but the Starks had wolf blood. Old Nan told him so. ¡°Though it is stronger in some than in others,¡± she warned. 
¡¡¡¡Summer¡¯s howls were long and sad, full of grief and longing. Shaggydog¡¯s were more savage. Their voices echoed through the yards and halls until the castle rang and it seemed as though some great pack of direwolves haunted Winterfell, instead of only two . . . two where there had once been six. Do they miss their brothers and sisters too? Bran wondered. Are they calling to Grey Wind and Ghost, to Nymeria and Lady¡¯s Shade? Do they want them to come home and be a pack together? 
¡¡¡¡¡°Who can know the mind of a wolf?¡± Ser Rodrik Cassel said when Bran asked him why they howled. Bran¡¯s lady mother had named him castellan of Winterfell in her absence, and his duties left him little time for idle questions. 
