¡¡¡¡Catelyn raised her eyes, to where the faint red line of the comet traced a path across the deep blue sky like a long scratch across the face of god. ¡°The Greatjon told Robb that the old gods have unfurled a red flag of vengeance for Ned. Edmure thinks it¡¯s an omen of victory for Riverrun, he sees a fish with a long tail, in the Tully colors, red against blue.¡± She sighed. ¡°I wish I had their faith. Crimson is a Lannister color.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°That thing¡¯s not crimson,¡± Ser Brynden said. ¡°Nor Tully red, the mud red of the river. That¡¯s blood up there, child, smeared across the sky.¡¯¡¯ 
¡¡¡¡¡°Our blood or theirs?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Was there ever a war where only one side bled?¡± Her uncle gave a shake of the head. ¡°The riverlands are awash in blood and flame all around the Gods Eye. The fighting has spread south to the Blackwater and north across the Trident, almost to the Twins. Marq Piper and Karyl Vance have won some small victories, and this southron lordling Beric Dondarrion has been raiding the raiders, falling upon Lord Tywin¡¯s foraging parties and vanishing back into the woods. It¡¯s said that Ser Burton Crakehall was boasting that he¡¯d slain Dondarrion, until he led his column into one of Lord Beric¡¯s traps and got every man of them killed.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Some of Ned¡¯s guard from King¡¯s Landing are with this Lord Beric,¡± Catelyn recalled. ¡°May the gods preserve them.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Dondarrion and this red priest who rides with him are clever enough to preserve themselves, if the tales be true,¡± her uncle said, ¡°but your father¡¯s bannermen make a sadder tale. Robb should never have let them go. They¡¯ve scattered like quail, each man trying to protect his own, and it¡¯s folly, Cat, folly. Jonos Bracken was wounded in the fighting amidst the ruins of his castle, and his nephew Hendry slain. Tytos Blackwood¡¯s swept the Lannisters off his lands, but they took every cow and pig and speck of grain and left him nothing to defend but Raventree Hall and a scorched desert. Darry men recaptured their lord¡¯s keep but held it less than a fortnight before Gregor Clegane descended on them and put the whole garrison to the sword, even their lord.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Catelyn was horrorstruck. ¡°Darry was only a child.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Aye, and the last of his line as well. The boy would have brought a fine ransom, but what does gold mean to a frothing dog like Gregor Clegane? That beast¡¯s head would make a noble gift for all the people of the realm, I vow.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Catelyn knew Ser Gregor¡¯s evil reputation, yet still . . . ¡°Don¡¯t speak to me of heads, Uncle. Cersei has mounted Ned¡¯s on a spike above the walls of the Red Keep, and left it for the crows and flies.¡± Even now, it was hard for her to believe that he was truly gone. Some nights she would wake in darkness, half-asleep, and for an instant expect to find him there beside her. ¡°Clegane is no more than Lord Tywin¡¯s catspaw.¡± For Tywin Lannister¡ªLord of Casterly Rock, Warden of the West, father to Queen Cersei, Ser Jaime the Kingslayer, and Tyrion the Imp, and grandfather to Joffrey Baratheon, the new-crowned boy king¡ªwas the true danger, Catelyn believed. 
¡¡¡¡¡°True enough,¡± Ser Brynden admitted. ¡°And Tywin Lannister is no man¡¯s fool. He sits safe behind the walls of Harrenhal, feeding his host on our harvest and burning what he does not take. Gregor is not the only dog he¡¯s loosed. Ser Amory Lorch is in the field as well, and some sellsword out of Qohor who¡¯d sooner maim a man than kill him. I¡¯ve seen what they leave behind them. Whole villages put to the torch, women raped and mutilated, butchered children left unburied to draw wolves and wild dogs . . . it would sicken even the dead.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°When Edmure hears this, he will rage.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°And that will be just as Lord Tywin desires. Even terror has its purpose, Cat. Lannister wants to provoke us to battle.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Robb is like to give him that wish,¡± Catelyn said, fretful. ¡°He is restless as a cat sitting here, and Edmure and the Greatjon and the others will urge him on.¡± Her son had won two great victories, smashing Jaime Lannister in the Whispering Wood and routing his leaderless host outside the walls of Riverrun in the Battle of the Camps, but from the way some of his bannermen spoke of him, he might have been Aegon the Conqueror reborn. 
¡¡¡¡Brynden Blackfish arched a bushy grey eyebrow. ¡°More fool they. My first rule of war, Cat¡ªnever give the enemy his wish. Lord Tywin would like to fight on a field of his own choosing. He wants us to march on Harrenhal.¡± 
