¡¡¡¡¡°Harrenhal.¡± Every child of the Trident knew the tales told of Harrenhal, the vast fortress that King Harren the Black had raised beside the waters of Gods Eye three hundred years past, when the Seven Kingdoms had been seven kingdoms, and the riverlands were ruled by the ironmen from the islands. In his pride, Harren had desired the highest hall and tallest towers in all Westeros. Forty years it had taken, rising like a great shadow on the shore of the lake while Harren¡¯s armies plundered his neighbors for stone, lumber, gold, and workers. Thousands of captives died in his quarries, chained to his sledges, or laboring on his five colossal towers. Men froze by winter and sweltered in summer. Weirwoods that had stood three thousand years were cut down for beams and rafters. Harren had beggared the riverlands and the Iron Islands alike to ornament his dream. And when at last Harrenhal stood complete, on the very day King Harren took up residence, Aegon the Conqueror had come ashore at King¡¯s Landing. 
¡¡¡¡Catelyn could remember hearing Old Nan tell the story to her own children, back at Winterfell. ¡°And King Harren learned that thick walls and high towers are small use against dragons,¡± the tale always ended. ¡°For dragons fly.¡± Harren and all his line had perished in the fires that engulfed his monstrous fortress, and every house that held Harrenhal since had come to misfortune. Strong it might be, but it was a dark place, and cursed. 
¡¡¡¡¡°I would not have Robb fight a battle in the shadow of that keep,¡± Catelyn admitted. ¡°Yet we must do something, Uncle.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°And soon,¡± her uncle agreed. ¡°I have not told you the worst of it, child. The men I sent west have brought back word that a new host is gathering at Casterly Rock.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Another Lannister army. The thought made her ill. ¡°Robb must be told at once. Who will command?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Ser Stafford Lannister, it¡¯s said.¡± He turned to gaze out over the rivers, his red-and-blue cloak stirring in the breeze. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Another nephew?¡± The Lannisters of Casterly Rock were a damnably large and fertile house. ¡°Cousin,¡± Ser Brynden corrected. ¡°Brother to Lord Tywin¡¯s late wife, so twice related. An old man and a bit of a dullard, but he has a son, Ser Daven, who is more formidable.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Then let us hope it is the father and not the son who takes this army into the field.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°We have some time yet before we must face them. This lot will be sellswords, freeriders, and green boys from the stews of Lannisport. Ser Stafford must see that they are armed and drilled before he dare risk battle . . . and make no mistake, Lord Tywin is not the Kingslayer. He will not rush in heedless. He will wait patiently for Ser Stafford to march before he stirs from behind the walls of Harrenhal.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Unless . . .¡± said Catelyn. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Yes?¡± Ser Brynden prompted. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Unless he must leave Harrenhal,¡± she said, ¡°to face some other threat.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Her uncle looked at her thoughtfully. ¡°Lord Renly.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°King Renly.¡± If she would ask help from the man, she would need to grant him the style he had claimed for himself. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Perhaps.¡± The Blackfish smiled a dangerous smile. ¡°He¡¯ll want something, though.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°He¡¯ll want what kings always want,¡± she said. ¡°Homage.¡± 
¡¡¡¡CHAPTER 8 
¡¡¡¡TYRION 
¡¡¡¡Janos Slynt was a butcher¡¯s son, and he laughed like a man chopping meat. ¡°More wine?¡± Tyrion asked him. 
¡¡¡¡¡°I should not object,¡± Lord Janos said, holding out his cup. He was built like a keg, and had a similar capacity. ¡°I should not object at all. That¡¯s a fine red. From the Arbor?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Dornish.¡± Tyrion gestured, and his serving man poured. But for the servants, he and Lord Janos were alone in the Small Hall, at a small candlelit table surrounded by darkness. ¡°Quite the find. Dornish wines are not often so rich.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Rich,¡± said the big frog-faced man, taking a healthy gulp. He was not a man for sipping, Janos Slynt. Tyrion had made note of that at once. ¡°Yes, rich, that¡¯s the very word I was searching for, the very word. You have a gift for words, Lord Tyrion, if I might say so. And you tell a droll tale. Droll, yes.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I¡¯m pleased you think so . . . but I¡¯m not a lord, as you are. A simple Tyrion will suffice for me, Lord Janos.¡± 
