   ¡°Who will I practice with?¡±
   ¡°You¡¯ll find someone,¡± Jon promised her. ¡°King¡¯s Landing is a true city, a thousand times the size of Winterfell. Until you find a partner, watch how they fight in the yard. Run, and ride, make yourself strong. And whatever you do?.?.?.?¡±
   Arya knew what was coming next. They said it together.
   ¡°?.?.?.?don¡¯t?.?.?.?tell?.?.?.? Sansa!¡±
   Jon messed up her hair. ¡°I will miss you, little sister.¡±
   Suddenly she looked like she was going to cry. ¡°I wish you were coming with us.¡±
   ¡°Different roads sometimes lead to the same castle. Who knows?¡± He was feeling better now. He was not going to let himself be sad. ¡°I better go. I¡¯ll spend my first year on the Wall emptying chamber pots if I keep Uncle Ben waiting any longer.¡±
   Arya ran to him for a last hug. ¡°Put down the sword first,¡± Jon warned her, laughing. She set it aside almost shyly and showered him with kisses.
   When he turned back at the door, she was holding it again, trying it for balance. ¡°I almost forgot,¡± he told her. ¡°All the best swords have names.¡±
   ¡°Like Ice,¡± she said. She looked at the blade in her hand. ¡°Does this have a name? Oh, tell me.¡±
   ¡°Can¡¯t you guess?¡± Jon teased. ¡°Your very favorite thing.¡±
   Arya seemed puzzled at first. Then it came to her. She was that quick. They said it together:
   ¡°Needle!¡±
   The memory of her laughter warmed him on the long ride north.
   
   11£®DAENERYS
   Daenerys Targaryen wed Khal Drogo with fear and barbaric splendor in a field beyond the walls of Pentos, for the Dothraki believed that all things of importance in a man¡¯s life must be done beneath the open sky.
   Drogo had called his khalasar to attend him and they had come, forty thousand Dothraki warriors and uncounted numbers of women, children, and slaves. Outside the city walls they camped with their vast herds, raising palaces of woven grass, eating everything in sight, and making the good folk of Pentos more anxious with every passing day.
   ¡°My fellow magisters have doubled the size of the city guard,¡± Illyrio told them over platters of honey duck and orange snap peppers one night at the manse that had been Drogo¡¯s. The khal had joined his khalasar, his estate given over to Daenerys and her brother until the wedding.
   ¡°Best we get Princess Daenerys wedded quickly before they hand half the wealth of Pentos away to sellswords and bravos,¡± Ser Jorah Mormont jested. The exile had offered her brother his sword the night Dany had been sold to Kbal Drogo; Viserys had accepted eagerly. Mormont had been their constant companion ever since.
   Magister Illyrio laughed lightly through his forked beard, but Viserys did not so much as smile. ¡°He can have her tomorrow, if he likes,¡± her brother said. He glanced over at Dany, and she lowered her eyes. ¡°So long as he pays the price.¡±
   Illyrio waved a languid hand in the air, rings glittering on his fat fingers. ¡°I have told you, all is settled. Trust me. The khal has promised you a crown, and you shall have it.¡±
   ¡°Yes, but when?¡±
   ¡°When the khal chooses,¡± Illyrio said. ¡°He will have the girl first, and after they are wed he must make his procession across the plains and present her to the dosh khaleen at Vaes Dothrak. After that, perhaps. If the omens favor war.¡±
   Viserys seethed with impatience. ¡°I piss on Dothraki omens. The Usurper sits on my father¡¯s throne. How long must I wait?¡±
   Illyrio gave a massive shrug. ¡°You have waited most of your life, great king. What is another few months, another few years?¡±
   Ser Jorah, who had traveled as far east as Vaes Dothrak, nodded in agreement. ¡°I counsel you to be patient, Your Grace. The Dothraki are true to their word, but they do things in their own time. A lesser man may beg a favor from the khal, but must never presume to berate him.¡±
   Viserys bristled. ¡°Guard your tongue, Mormont, or I¡¯ll have it out. I am no lesser man, I am the rightful Lord of the Seven Kingdoms. The dragon does not beg.¡±
   Ser Jorah lowered his eyes respectfully. Illyrio smiled enigmatically and tore a wing from the duck. Honey and grease ran over his fingers and dripped down into his beard as he nibbled at the tender meat. There are no more dragons, Dany thought, staring at her brother, though she did not dare say it aloud.
