¡¡¡¡Everything I am, I owe to him. Stannis had raised him to knighthood. He had given him a place of honor at his table, a war galley to sail in place of a smuggler¡¯s skiff. Dale and Allard captained galleys as well, Maric was oarmaster on the Fury, Matthos served his father on Black Betha, and the king had taken Devan as a royal squire. One day he would be knighted, and the two little lads as well. Marya was mistress of a small keep on Cape Wrath, with servants who called her m¡¯lady, and Davos could hunt red deer in his own woods. All this he had of Stannis Baratheon, for the price of a few finger joints. It was just, what he did to me. I had flouted the king¡¯s laws all my life. He has earned my loyalty. Davos touched the little pouch that hung from the leather thong about his neck. His fingers were his luck, and he needed luck now. As do we all. Lord Stannis most of all. 
¡¡¡¡Pale flames licked at the grey sky. Dark smoke rose, twisting and curling. When the wind pushed it toward them, men blinked and wept and rubbed their eyes. Allard turned his head away, coughing and cursing. A taste of things to come, thought Davos. Many and more would burn before this war was done. 
¡¡¡¡Melisandre was robed all in scarlet satin and blood velvet, her eyes as red as the great ruby that glistened at her throat as if it too were afire. ¡°In ancient books of Asshai it is written that there will come a day after a long summer when the stars bleed and the cold breath of darkness falls heavy on the world. In this dread hour a warrior shall draw from the fire a burning sword. And that sword shall be Lightbringer, the Red Sword of Heroes, and he who clasps it shall be Azor Ahai come again, and the darkness shall flee before him.¡± She lifted her voice, so it carried out over the gathered host. ¡°Azor Ahai, beloved of R¡¯hllor! The Warrior of Light, the Son of Fire! Come forth, your sword awaits you! Come forth and take it into your hand!¡± 
¡¡¡¡Stannis Baratheon strode forward like a soldier marching into battle. His squires stepped up to attend him. Davos watched as his son Devan pulled a long padded glove over the king¡¯s right hand. The boy wore a cream-colored doublet with a fiery heart sewn on the breast. Bryen Farring was similarly garbed as he tied a stiff leather cape around His Grace¡¯s neck. Behind, Davos heard a faint clank and clatter of bells. ¡°Under the sea, smoke rises in bubbles, and flames burn green and blue and black,¡± Patchface sang somewhere. ¡°I know, I know, oh, oh, oh.¡± 
¡¡¡¡The king plunged into the fire with his teeth clenched, holding the leather cloak before him to keep off the flames. He went straight to the Mother, grasped the sword with his gloved hand, and wrenched it free of the burning wood with a single hard jerk. Then he was retreating, the sword held high, jade-green flames swirling around cherry-red steel. Guards rushed to beat out the cinders that clung to the king¡¯s clothing. 
¡¡¡¡¡°A sword of fire!¡± shouted Queen Selyse. Ser Axell Florent and the other queen¡¯s men took up the cry. ¡°A sword of fire! It burns! It burns! A sword of fire!¡± 
¡¡¡¡Melisandre lifted her hands above her head. ¡°Behold! A sign was promised, and now a sign is seen! Behold Lightbringer! Azor Ahai has come again! All hail the Warrior of Light! All hail the Son of Fire!¡± 
¡¡¡¡A ragged wave of shouts gave answer, just as Stannis¡¯s glove began to smolder. Cursing, the king thrust the point of the sword into the damp earth and beat out the flames against his leg. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Lord, cast your light upon us!¡± Melisandre called out. 
¡¡¡¡¡°For the night is dark and full of terrors,¡± Selyse and her queen¡¯s men replied. 
¡¡¡¡Should I speak the words as well? Davos wondered. Do I owe Stannis that much? Is this fiery god truly his own? His shortened fingers twitched. 
¡¡¡¡Stannis peeled off the glove and let it fall to the ground. The gods in the pyre were scarcely recognizable anymore. The head fell off the Smith with a puff of ash and embers. Melisandre sang in the tongue of Asshai, her voice rising and falling like the tides of the sea. Stannis untied his singed leather cape and listened in silence. Thrust in the ground, Lightbringer still glowed ruddy hot, but the flames that clung to the sword were dwindling and dying. 
¡¡¡¡By the time the song was done, only charwood remained of the gods, and the king¡¯s patience had run its course. He took the queen by the elbow and escorted her back into Dragonstone, leaving Lightbringer where it stood. The red woman remained a moment to watch as Devan knelt with Byren Farring and rolled up the burnt and blackened sword in the king¡¯s leather cloak. The Red Sword of Heroes looks a proper mess, thought Davos. 
