¡¡¡¡The Sea Tower rose from the outmost island at the point of the broken sword, the oldest part of the castle, round and tall, the sheer-sided pillar on which it stood half-eaten through by the endless battering of the waves. The base of the tower was white from centuries of salt spray, the upper stories green from the lichen that crawled over it like a thick blanket, the jagged crown black with soot from its nightly watchfire. 
¡¡¡¡Above the Sea Tower snapped his father¡¯s banner. The Myraham was too far off for Theon to see more than the cloth itself, but he knew the device it bore: the golden kraken of House Greyjoy, arms writhing and reaching against a black field. The banner streamed from an iron mast, shivering and twisting as the wind gusted, like a bird struggling to take flight. And here at least the direwolf of Stark did not fly above, casting its shadow down upon the Greyjoy kraken. 
¡¡¡¡Theon had never seen a more stirring sight. In the sky behind the castle, the fine red tail of the comet was visible through thin, scuttling clouds. All the way from Riverrun to Seagard, the Mallisters had argued about its meaning. It is my comet, Theon told himself, sliding a hand into his fur-lined cloak to touch the oilskin pouch snug in its pocket. Inside was the letter Robb Stark had given him, paper as good as a crown. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Does the castle look as you remember it, milord?¡± the captain¡¯s daughter asked as she pressed herself against his arm. 
¡¡¡¡¡°It looks smaller,¡± Theon confessed, ¡°though perhaps that is only the distance.¡± The Myraham was a fat-bellied southron merchanter up from Oldtown, carrying wine and cloth and seed to trade for iron ore. Her captain was a fat-bellied southron merchanter as well, and the stony sea that foamed at the feet of the castle made his plump lips quiver, so he stayed well out, farther than Theon would have liked. An ironborn captain in a longship would have taken them along the cliffs and under the high bridge that spanned the gap between the gatehouse and the Great Keep, but this plump Oldtowner had neither the craft, the crew, nor the courage to attempt such a thing. So they sailed past at a safe distance, and Theon must content himself with seeing Pyke from afar. Even so, the Myraham had to struggle mightily to keep itself off those rocks. 
¡¡¡¡¡°It must be windy there,¡± the captain¡¯s daughter observed. 
¡¡¡¡He laughed. ¡°Windy and cold and damp. A miserable hard place, in truth . . . but my lord father once told me that hard places breed hard men, and hard men rule the world.¡± 
¡¡¡¡The captain¡¯s face was as green as the sea when he came bowing up to Theon and asked, ¡°May we make for port now, milord?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°You may,¡± Theon said, a faint smile playing about his lips. The promise of gold had turned the Oldtowner into a shameless lickspittle. It would have been a much different voyage if a longship from the islands had been waiting at Seagard as he¡¯d hoped. Ironborn captains were proud and willful, and did not go in awe of a man¡¯s blood. The islands were too small for awe, and a longship smaller still. If every captain was a king aboard his own ship, as was often said, it was small wonder they named the islands the land of ten thousand kings. And when you have seen your kings shit over the rail and turn green in a storm, it was hard to bend the knee and pretend they were gods. ¡°The Drowned God makes men,¡± old King Urron Redhand had once said, thousands of years ago, ¡°but it¡¯s men who make crowns.¡± 
¡¡¡¡A longship would have made the crossing in half the time as well. The Myraham was a wallowing tub, if truth be told, and he would not care to be aboard her in a storm. Still, Theon could not be too unhappy. He was here, undrowned, and the voyage had offered certain other amusements. He put an arm around the captain¡¯s daughter. ¡°Summon me when we make Lordsport,¡± he told her father. ¡°We¡¯ll be below, in my cabin.¡± He led the girl away aft, while her father watched them go in sullen silence. 
¡¡¡¡The cabin was the captain¡¯s, in truth, but it had been turned over to Theon¡¯s use when they sailed from Seagard. The captain¡¯s daughter had not been turned over to his use, but she had come to his bed willingly enough all the same. A cup of wine, a few whispers, and there she was. The girl was a shade plump for his taste, with skin as splotchy as oatmeal, but her breasts filled his hands nicely and she had been a maiden the first time he took her. That was surprising at her age, but Theon found it diverting. He did not think the captain approved, and that was amusing as well, watching the man struggle to swallow his outrage while performing his courtesies to the high lord, the rich purse of gold he¡¯d been promised never far from his thoughts. 
¡¡¡¡As Theon shrugged out of his wet cloak, the girl said, ¡°You must be so happy to see your home again, milord. How many years have you been away?¡± 
