¡¡¡¡Lord Balon laughed. ¡°Well, at the least you are no craven. No more than I¡¯m a fool. Do you think I gather my ships to watch them rock at anchor? I mean to carve out a kingdom with fire and sword . . . but not from the west, and not at the bidding of King Robb the Boy. Casterly Rock is too strong, and Lord Tywin too cunning by half. Aye, we might take Lannisport, but we should never keep it. No. I hunger for a different plum . . . not so juicy sweet, to be sure, yet it hangs there ripe and undefended.¡± Where? Theon might have asked, but by then he knew. 
¡¡¡¡CHAPTER 12 
¡¡¡¡DAENERYS 
¡¡¡¡The Dothraki named the comet shierak qiya, the Bleeding Star. The old men muttered that it omened ill, but Daenerys Targaryen had seen it first on the night she had burned Khal Drogo, the night her dragons had awakened. It is the herald of my coming, she told herself as she gazed up into the night sky with wonder in her heart. The gods have sent it to show me the way. 
¡¡¡¡Yet when she put the thought into words, her handmaid Doreah quailed. ¡°That way lies the red lands, Khaleesi. A grim place and terrible, the riders say.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°The way the comet points is the way we must go,¡± Dany insisted . . . though in truth, it was the only way open to her. 
¡¡¡¡She dare not turn north onto the vast ocean of grass they called the Dothraki sea. The first khalasar they met would swallow up her ragged band, slaying the warriors and slaving the rest. The lands of the Lamb Men south of the river were likewise closed to them. They were too few to defend themselves even against that unwarlike folk, and the Lhazareen had small reason to love them. She might have struck downriver for the ports at Meereen and Yunkai and Astapor, but Rakharo warned her that Pono¡¯s khalasar had ridden that way, driving thousands of captives before them to sell in the flesh marts that festered like open sores on the shores of Slaver¡¯s Bay. ¡°Why should I fear Pono?¡± Dany objected. ¡°He was Drogo¡¯s ko, and always spoke me gently.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Ko Pono spoke you gently,¡± Ser Jorah Mormont said. ¡°Khal Pono will kill you. He was the first to abandon Drogo. Ten thousand warriors went with him. You have a hundred.¡± 
¡¡¡¡No, Dany thought. I have four. The rest are women, old sick men¡¯ and boys whose hair has never been braided. ¡°I have the dragons,¡± she pointed out. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Hatchlings,¡± Ser Jorah said. ¡°One swipe from an arakh would put an end to them, though Pono is more like to seize them for himself. Your dragon eggs were more precious than rubies. A living dragon is beyond price. In all the world, there are only three. Every man who sees them will want them, my queen.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°They are mine,¡± she said fiercely. They had been born from her faith and her need, given life by the deaths of her husband and unborn son and the maegi Mirri Maz Duur. Dany had walked into the flames as they came forth, and they had drunk milk from her swollen breasts. ¡°No man will take them from me while I live.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°You will not live long should you meet Khal Pono. Nor Khal Jhaqo, nor any of the others. You must go where they do not.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Dany had named him the first of her Queensguard . . . and when Mormont¡¯s gruff counsel and the omens agreed, her course was clear. She called her people together and mounted her silver mare. Her hair had burned away in Drogo¡¯s pyre, so her handmaids garbed her in the skin of the hrakkar Drogo had slain, the white lion of the Dothraki sea. Its fearsome head made a hood to cover her naked scalp, its pelt a cloak that flowed across her shoulders and down her back. The cream-colored dragon sunk sharp black claws into the lion¡¯s mane and coiled its tail around her arm, while Ser Jorah took his accustomed place by her side. 
¡¡¡¡¡°We follow the comet,¡± Dany told her khalasar. Once it was said, no word was raised against it. They had been Drogo¡¯s people, but they were hers now. The Unburnt, they called her, and Mother of Dragons. Her word was their law. 
¡¡¡¡They rode by night, and by day took refuge from the sun beneath their tents. Soon enough Dany learned the truth of Doreah¡¯s words. This was no kindly country. They left a trail of dead and dying horses behind them as they went, for Pono, Jhaqo, and the others had seized the best of Drogo¡¯s herds, leaving to Dany the old and the scrawny, the sickly and the lame, the broken animals and the ill-tempered. It was the same with the people. They are not strong, she told herself, so I must be their strength. I must show no fear, no weakness, no doubt. However frightened my heart, when they look upon my face they must see only Drogo¡¯s queen. She felt older than her fourteen years. If ever she had truly been a girl, that time was done. 
