¡¡¡¡¡°It may be as you say, blood of my blood,¡± Dany replied gravely, ¡°but he shall have a new name for this new life. I would name them all for those the gods have taken. The green one shall be Rhaegal, for my valiant brother who died on the green banks of the Trident. The cream-and-gold I call Viserion. Viserys was cruel and weak and frightened, yet he was my brother still. His dragon will do what he could not.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°And the black beast?¡± asked Ser Jorah Mormont. 
¡¡¡¡¡°The black,¡± she said, ¡°is Drogon.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Yet even as her dragons prospered, her khalasar withered and died. Around them the land turned ever more desolate. Even devilgrass grew scant; horses dropped in their tracks, leaving so few that some of her people must trudge along on foot. Doreah took a fever and grew worse with every league they crossed. Her lips and hands broke with blood blisters, her hair came out in clumps, and one evenfall she lacked the strength to mount her horse. Jhogo said they must leave her or bind her to her saddle, but Dany remembered a night on the Dothraki sea, when the Lysene girl had taught her secrets so that Drogo might love her more. She gave Doreah water from her own skin, cooled her brow with a damp cloth, and held her hand until she died, shivering. Only then would she permit the khalasar to press on. 
¡¡¡¡They saw no sign of other travelers. The Dothraki began to mutter fearfully that the comet had led them to some hell. Dany went to Ser Jorah one morning as they made camp amidst a jumble of black windscoured stones. ¡°Are we lost?¡± she asked him. ¡°Does this waste have no end to it?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°It has an end,¡± he answered wearily. ¡°I have seen the maps the traders draw, my queen. Few caravans come this way, that is so, yet there are great kingdoms to the east, and cities full of wonders. Yi Ti, Qarth, Asshai by the Shadow . . .¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Will we live to see them?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I will not lie to you. The way is harder than I dared think.¡± The knight¡¯s face was grey and exhausted. The wound he had taken to his hip the night he fought Khal Drogo¡¯s bloodriders had never fully healed; she could see how he grimaced when he mounted his horse, and he seemed to slump in his saddle as they rode. ¡°Perhaps we are doomed if we press on . . . but I know for a certainty that we are doomed if we turn back.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Dany kissed him lightly on the cheek. It heartened her to see him smile. I must be strong for him as well, she thought grimly. A knight he may be, but I am the blood of the dragon. 
¡¡¡¡The next pool they found was scalding hot and stinking of brimstone, but their skins were almost empty. The Dothraki cooled the water in jars and pots and drank it tepid. The taste was no less foul, but water was water, and all of them thirsted. Dany looked at the horizon with despair. They had lost a third of their number, and still the waste stretched before them, bleak and red and endless. The comet mocks my hopes, she thought, lifting her eyes to where it scored the sky. Have I crossed half the world and seen the birth of dragons only to die with them in this hard hot desert? She would not believe it. 
¡¡¡¡The next day, dawn broke as they were crossing a cracked and fissured plain of hard red earth. Dany was about to command them to make camp when her outriders came racing back at a gallop. ¡°A city, Khaleesi,¡± they cried. ¡°A city pale as the moon and lovely as a maid. An hour¡¯s ride, no more.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Show me,¡± she said. 
¡¡¡¡When the city appeared before her, its walls and towers shimmering white behind a veil of heat, it looked so beautiful that Dany was certain it must be a mirage. ¡°Do you know what place this might be? Ser Jorah.¡± 
¡¡¡¡The exile knight gave a weary shake of the head. ¡°No, my queen. I have never traveled this far east.¡± 
¡¡¡¡The distant white walls promised rest and safety, a chance to heal and grow strong, and Dany wanted nothing so much as to rush toward them. Instead she turned to her bloodriders. ¡°Blood of my blood, go ahead of us and learn the name of this city, and what manner of welcome we should expect.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Ai, Khaleesi,¡± said Aggo. 
¡¡¡¡Her riders were not long in returning. Rakharo swung down from his saddle. From his medallion belt hung the great curving arakh that Dany had bestowed on him when she named him bloodrider. ¡°This city is dead, Khaleesi. Nameless and godless we found it, the gates broken, only wind and flies moving through the streets.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Jhiqui shuddered. ¡°When the gods are gone, the evil ghosts feast by night. Such places are best shunned. It is known.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°It is known,¡± Irri agreed. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Not to me.¡± Dany put her heels into her horse and showed them the way, trotting beneath the shattered arch of an ancient gate and down a silent street. Ser Jorah and her bloodriders followed, and then, more slowly, the rest of the Dothraki. 
