¡¡¡¡She scrambled up onto the catwalk. The parapets were a bit too high and Arya a bit too short; she had to wedge her toes into the holes between the stones to see over. For a moment she thought the town was full of lantern bugs. Then she realized they were men with torches, galloping between the houses. She saw a roof go up, flames licking at the belly of the night with hot orange tongues as the thatch caught. Another followed, and then another, and soon there were fires blazing everywhere. 
¡¡¡¡Gendry climbed up beside her, wearing his helm. ¡°How many?¡± 
¡¡¡¡Arya tried to count, but they were riding too fast, torches spinning through the air as they flung them. ¡°A hundred,¡± she said. ¡°Two hundred, I don¡¯t know.¡± Over the roar of the flames, she could hear shouts. ¡°They¡¯ll come for us soon.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°There,¡± Gendry said, pointing. 
¡¡¡¡A column of riders moved between the burning buildings toward the holdfast. Firelight glittered off metal helms and spattered their mail and plate with orange and yellow highlights. One carried a banner on a tall lance. She thought it was red, but it was hard to tell in the night, with the fires roaring all around. Everything seemed red or black or orange. 
¡¡¡¡The fire leapt from one house to another. Arya saw a tree consumed, the flames creeping across its branches until it stood against the night in robes of living orange. Everyone was awake now, manning the catwalks or struggling with the frightened animals below. She could hear Yoren shouting commands. Something bumped against her leg, and she glanced down to discover the crying girl clutching her. ¡°Get away!¡± She wrenched her leg free. ¡°What are you doing up here? Run and hide someplace, you stupid.¡± She shoved the girl away. 
¡¡¡¡The riders reined up before the gates. ¡°You in the holdfast!¡± shouted a knight in a tall helm with a spiked crest. ¡°Open, in the name of the king!¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Aye, and which king is that?¡± old Reysen yelled back down, before Woth cuffed him into silence. 
¡¡¡¡Yoren climbed the battlement beside the gate, his faded black cloak tied to a wooden staff. ¡°You men hold down here!¡± he shouted. ¡°The townfolk¡¯s gone.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°And who are you, old man? One of Lord Beric¡¯s cravens?¡± called the knight in the spiked helm. ¡°if that fat fool Thoros is in there, ask him how he likes these fires.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Got no such man here,¡± Yoren shouted back. ¡°Only some lads for the Watch. Got no part o¡¯ your war.¡± He hoisted up the staff, so they could all see the color of his cloak. ¡°Have a look. That¡¯s black, for the Night¡¯s Watch.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Or black for House Dondarrion,¡± called the man who bore the enemy banner. Arya could see its colors more clearly now in the light of the burning town: a golden lion on red. ¡°Lord Beric¡¯s sigil is a purple lightning bolt on a black field.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Suddenly Arya remembered the morning she had thrown the orange in Sansa¡¯s face and gotten juice all over her stupid ivory silk gown. There had been some southron lordling at the tourney, her sister¡¯s stupid friend Jeyne was in love with him. He had a lightning bolt on his shield and her father had sent him out to behead the Hound¡¯s brother. It seemed a thousand years ago now, something that had happened to a different person in a different life . . . to Arya Stark the Hand¡¯s daughter, not Arry the orphan boy. How would Arry know lords and such? 
¡¡¡¡¡°Are you blind, man?¡± Yoren waved his staff back and forth, making the cloak ripple. ¡°You see a bloody lightning bolt?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°By night all banners look black,¡± the knight in the spiked helm observed. ¡°Open, or we¡¯ll know you for outlaws in league with the king¡¯s enemies.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Yoren spat. ¡°Who¡¯s got your command?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I do.¡± The reflections of burning houses glimmered dully on the armor of his warhorse as the others parted to let him pass. He was a stout man with a manticore on his shield, and ornate scrollwork crawling across his steel breastplate. Through the open visor of his helm, a face pale and piggy peered up. ¡°Ser Amory Lorch, bannerman to Lord Tywin Lannister of Casterly Rock, the Hand of the King. The true king, Joffrey.¡± He had a high, thin voice. ¡°In his name, I command you to open these gates.¡± 
¡¡¡¡All around them, the town burned. The night air was full of smoke, and the drifting red embers outnumbered the stars. Yoren scowled. ¡°Don¡¯t see the need. Do what you want to the town, it¡¯s naught to me, but leave us be. We¡¯re no foes to you.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Look with your eyes, Arya wanted to shout at the men below. ¡°Can¡¯t they see we¡¯re no lords or knights?¡± she whispered. 
¡¡¡¡¡°I don¡¯t think they care, Arry,¡± Gendry whispered back. 
¡¡¡¡And she looked at Ser Amory¡¯s face, the way Syrio had taught her to look, and she saw that he was right. 
¡¡¡¡¡°If you are no traitors, open your gates,¡± Ser Amory called. ¡°We¡¯ll make certain you¡¯re telling it true and be on our way.¡± 
