¡¡¡¡There were guests in Winterfell, visitors come for the harvest feast. This morning they would be tilting at quintains in the yard. Once that prospect would have filled him with excitement, but that was before. 
¡¡¡¡Not now. The Walders would break lances with the squires of Lord Manderly¡¯s escort, but Bran would have no part of it. He must play the prince in his father¡¯s solar. ¡°Listen, and it may be that you will learn something of what lordship is all about,¡± Maester Luwin had said. 
¡¡¡¡Bran had never asked to be a prince. It was knighthood he had always dreamed of; bright armor and streaming banners, lance and sword, a warhorse between his legs. Why must he waste his days listening to old men speak of things he only half understood? Because you¡¯re broken, a voice inside reminded him. A lord on his cushioned chair might be crippled¡ªthe Walders said their grandfather was so feeble he had to be carried everywhere in a litter¡ªbut not a knight on his destrier. Besides, it was his duty. ¡°You are your brother¡¯s heir and the Stark in Winterfell,¡± Ser Rodrik said, reminding him of how Robb used to sit with their lord father when his bannermen came to see him. 
¡¡¡¡Lord Wyman Manderly had arrived from White Harbor two days past, traveling by barge and litter, as he was too fat to sit a horse. With him had come a long tail of retainers: knights, squires, lesser lords and ladies, heralds, musicians, even a juggler, all aglitter with banners and surcoats in what seemed half a hundred colors. Bran had welcomed them to Winterfell from his father¡¯s high stone seat with the direwolves carved into the arms, and afterward Ser Rodrik had said he¡¯d done well. If that had been the end of it, he would not have minded. But it was only the beginning. 
¡¡¡¡¡°The feast makes a pleasant pretext,¡± Ser Rodrik explained, ¡°but a man does not cross a hundred leagues for a sliver of duck and a sip of wine. Only those who have matters of import to set before us are like to make the journey.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Bran gazed up at the rough stone ceiling above his head. Robb would tell him not to play the boy, he knew. He could almost hear him, and their lord father as well. Winter is coming, and you are almost a man grown, Bran. You have a duty. 
¡¡¡¡When Hodor came bustling in, smiling and humming tunelessly, he found the boy resigned to his fate. Together they got him washed and brushed. ¡°The white wool doublet today,¡± Bran commanded. ¡°And the silver brooch. Ser Rodrik will want me to look lordly.¡± As much as he could, Bran preferred to dress himself, but there were some tasks¡ªpulling on breeches, lacing his boots¡ªthat vexed him. They went quicker with Hodor¡¯s help. Once he had been taught to do something, he did it deftly. His hands were always gentle, though his strength was astonishing. ¡°You could have been a knight too, I bet,¡± Bran told him. ¡°If the gods hadn¡¯t taken your wits, you would have been a great knight.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Hodor?¡± Hodor blinked at him with guileless brown eyes, eyes innocent of understanding. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Yes,¡± said Bran. ¡°Hodor.¡± He pointed. On the wall beside the door hung a basket, stoutly made of wicker and leather, with holes cut for Bran¡¯s legs. Hodor slid his arms through the straps and cinched the wide belt tight around his chest, then knelt beside the bed. Bran used the bars sunk into the wall to support himself as he swung the dead weight of his legs into the basket and through the holes. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Hodor,¡± Hodor said again, rising. The stableboy stood near seven feet tall all by himself; on his back Bran¡¯s head almost brushed the ceiling. He ducked low as they passed through the door. One time Hodor smelled bread baking and ran to the kitchens, and Bran got such a crack that Maester Luwin had to sew up his scalp. Mikken had given him a rusty old visorless helm from the armory, but Bran seldom troubled to wear it. The Walders laughed whenever they saw it on his head. 
¡¡¡¡He rested his hands on Hodor¡¯s shoulders as they descended the winding stair. Outside, the sounds of sword and shield and horse already rang through the yard. It made a sweet music. I¡¯ll just have a look, Bran thought, a quick look, that¡¯s all. 
¡¡¡¡The White Harbor lordlings would emerge later in the morning, with their knights and men-at-arms. Until then, the yard belonged to their squires, who ranged in age from ten to forty. Bran wished he were one of them so badly that his stomach hurt with the wanting. 
¡¡¡¡Two quintains had been erected in the courtyard, each a stout post supporting a spinning crossbeam with a shield at one end and a padded butt at the other. The shields had been painted red-and-gold, though the Lannister lions were lumpy and misshapen, and already well scarred by the first boys to take a tilt at them. 
