¡¡¡¡¡°Almost nine!¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Eight,¡± the maester repeated firmly. ¡°Speak nothing but courtesies unless Ser Rodrik or Lord Wyman puts you a question.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Bran nodded. ¡°I¡¯ll remember.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I will say nothing to Ser Rodrik of what passed between you and the Frey boys.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Thank you.¡± 
¡¡¡¡They put Bran in his father¡¯s oak chair with the grey velvet cushions, behind a long plank-and-trestle table. Ser Rodrik sat on his right hand and Maester Luwin to his left, armed with quills and inkpots and a sheaf of blank parchment to write down all that transpired. Bran ran a hand across the rough wood of the table and begged Lord Wyman¡¯s pardons for being late. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Why, no prince is ever late,¡± the Lord of White Harbor responded amiably. ¡°Those who arrive before him have come early, that¡¯s all.¡± Wyman Manderly had a great booming laugh. It was small wonder he could not sit a saddle; he looked as if he outweighed most horses. As windy as he was vast, he began by asking Winterfell to confirm the new customs officers he had appointed for White Harbor. The old ones had been holding back silver for King¡¯s Landing rather than paying it over to the new King in the North. ¡°King Robb needs his own coinage as well,¡± he declared, ¡°and White Harbor is the very place to mint it.¡± He offered to take charge of the matter, as it please the king, and went from that to speak of how he had strengthened the port¡¯s defenses, detailing the cost of every improvement. 
¡¡¡¡In addition to a mint, Lord Manderly also proposed to build Robb a warfleet. ¡°We have had no strength at sea for hundreds of years, since Brandon the Burner put the torch to his father¡¯s ships. Grant me the gold and within the year I will float you sufficient galleys to take Dragonstone and King¡¯s Landing both.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Bran¡¯s interest pricked up at talk of warships. No one asked him, but he thought Lord Wyman¡¯s notion a splendid one. In his mind¡¯s eye he could see them already. He wondered if a cripple had ever commanded a warship. But Ser Rodrik promised only to send the proposal on to Robb for his consideration, while Maester Luwin scratched at the parchment. 
¡¡¡¡Midday came and went. Maester Luwin sent Poxy Tym down to the kitchens, and they dined in the solar on cheese, capons, and brown oat-bread. While tearing apart a bird with fat fingers, Lord Wyman made polite inquiry after Lady Hornwood, who was a cousin of his. ¡°She was born a Manderly, you know. Perhaps, when her grief has run its course, she would like to be a Manderly again, eh?¡± He took a bite from a wing, and smiled broadly. ¡°As it happens, I am a widower these past eight years. Past time I took another wife, don¡¯t you agree, my lords? A man does get lonely.¡± Tossing the bones aside, he reached for a leg. ¡°Or if the lady fancies a younger lad, well, my son Wendel is unwed as well. He is off south guarding Lady Catelyn, but no doubt he will wish to take a bride on his return. A valiant boy, and joll. Just the man to teach her to laugh again, eh?¡± He wiped a bit of grease off his chin with the sleeve of his tunic. 
¡¡¡¡Bran could hear the distant clash of arms through the windows. He cared nothing about marriages. I wish I was down in the yard. 
¡¡¡¡His lordship waited until the table had been cleared before he raised the matter of a letter he had received from Lord Tywin Lannister, who held his elder son, Ser Wylis, taken captive on the Green Fork. ¡°He offers him back to me without ransom, provided I withdraw my levies from His Grace and vow to fight no more.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°You will refuse him, of course,¡± said Ser Rodrik. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Have no fear on that count,¡± the lord assured them. ¡°King Robb has no more loyal servant than Wyman Manderly. I would be loath to see my son languish at Harrenhal any longer than he must, however. That is an ill place. Cursed, they say. Not that I am the sort to swallow such tales, but still, there it is. Look at what¡¯s befallen this Janos Slynt. Raised up to Lord of Harrenhal by the queen, and cast down by her brother. Shipped off to the Wall, they say. I pray some equitable exchange of captives can be arranged before too very long. I know Wylis would not want to sit out the rest of the war. Gallant, that son of mine, and fierce as a mastiff.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Bran¡¯s shoulders were stiff from sitting in the same chair by the time the audience drew to a close. And that night, as he sat to supper, a horn sounded to herald the arrival of another guest. Lady Donella Hornwood brought no tail of knights and retainers; only herself, and six tired men-at-arms with a moosehead badge on their dusty orange livery. ¡°We are very sorry for all you have suffered, my lady,¡± Bran said when she came before him to speak her words of greetings. Lord Hornwood had been killed in the battle on the Green Fork, their only son cut down in the Whispering Wood. ¡°Winterfell will remember.¡± 
