¡¡¡¡Sansa turned away without thinking and ran to her wardrobe. Oh, what am I doing? she asked herself as she dressed. This is madness. She could see the lights of many torches on the curtain walls. Had Stannis and Renly come at last to kill Joffrey and claim their brother¡¯s throne? If so, the guards would raise the drawbridge, cutting off Maegor¡¯s Holdfast from the outer castle. Sansa threw a plain grey cloak over her shoulders and picked up the knife she used to cut her meat. If it is some trap, better that I die than let them hurt me more, she told herself. She hid the blade under her cloak. 
¡¡¡¡A column of red-cloaked swordsmen ran past as she slipped out into the night. She waited until they were well past before she darted across the undefended drawbridge. In the yard, men were buckling on swordbelts and cinching the saddles of their horses. She glimpsed Ser Preston near the stables with three others of the Kingsguard, white cloaks bright as the moon as they helped Joffrey into his armor. Her breath caught in her throat when she saw the king. Thankfully, he did not see her. He was shouting for his sword and crossbow. 
¡¡¡¡The noise receded as she moved deeper into the castle, never daring to look back for fear that Joffrey might be watching . . . or worse, following. The serpentine steps twisted ahead, striped by bars of flickering light from the narrow windows above. Sansa was panting by the time she reached the top. She ran down a shadowy colonnade and pressed herself against a wall to catch her breath. When something brushed against her leg, she almost jumped out of her skin, but it was only a cat, a ragged black tom with a chewed-off ear. The creature spit at her and leapt away. 
¡¡¡¡By the time she reached the godswood, the noises had faded to a faint rattle of steel and a distant shouting. Sansa pulled her cloak tighter. The air was rich with the smells of earth and leaf. Lady would have liked this place, she thought. There was something wild about a godswood; even here, in the heart of the castle at the heart of the city, you could feel the old gods watching with a thousand unseen eyes. 
¡¡¡¡Sansa had favored her mother¡¯s gods over her father¡¯s. She loved the statues, the pictures in leaded glass, the fragrance of burning incense, the septons with their robes and crystals, the magical play of the rainbows over altars inlaid with mother-ofpearl and onyx and lapis lazuli. Yet she could not deny that the godswood had a certain power too. Especially by night. Help me, she prayed, send me a friend, a true knight to champion me . . . 
¡¡¡¡She moved from tree to tree, feeling the roughness of the bark beneath her fingers. Leaves brushed at her cheeks. Had she come too late? He would not have left so soon, would he? Or had he even been here? Dare she risk calling out? It seemed so hushed and still here . . . 
¡¡¡¡¡°I feared you would not come, child.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Sansa whirled. A man stepped out of the shadows, heavyset, thick of neck, shambling. He wore a dark grey robe with the cowl pulled forward, but when a thin sliver of moonlight touched his cheek, she knew him at once by the blotchy skin and web of broken veins beneath. ¡°Ser Dontos,¡± she breathed, heartbroken. ¡°Was it you?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Yes, my lady.¡± When he moved closer, she could smell the sour stench of wine on his breath. ¡°Me.¡± He reached out a hand. 
¡¡¡¡Sansa shrank back. ¡°Don¡¯t!¡± She slid her hand under her cloak, to her hidden knife. ¡°What . . . what do you want with me?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Only to help you,¡± Dontos said, ¡°as you helped me.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°You¡¯re drunk, aren¡¯t you?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Only one cup of wine, to help my courage. If they catch me now, they¡¯ll strip the skin off my back.¡± 
¡¡¡¡And what will they do to me? Sansa found herself thinking of Lady again. She could smell out falsehood, she could, but she was dead, Father had killed her, on account of Arya. She drew the knife and held it before her with both hands. ¡°Are you going to stab me?¡± Dontos asked. 
¡¡¡¡¡°I will,¡± she said. ¡°Tell me who sent you.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°No one, sweet lady. I swear it on my honor as a knight.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°A knight?¡± Joffrey had decreed that he was to be a knight no longer, only a fool, lower even than Moon Boy. ¡°I prayed to the gods for a knight to come save me,¡± she said. ¡°I prayed and prayed. Why would they send me a drunken old fool?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I deserve that, though . . . I know it¡¯s queer, but . . . all those years I was a knight, I was truly a fool, and now that I am a fool I think . . . I think I may find it in me to be a knight again, sweet lady. And all because of you . . . your grace, your courage. You saved me, not only from Joffrey, but from myself.¡± His voice dropped. ¡°The singers say there was another fool once who was the greatest knight of all . . .¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Florian,¡± Sansa whispered. A shiver went through her. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Sweet lady, I would be your Florian,¡± Dontos said humbly, falling to his knees before her. 
