¡¡¡¡The guards shoved Gendry inside with the boy and barred the doors behind them. Just then, a breath of wind came sighing off the lake, and the banners stirred and lifted. The one on the tall staff bore the golden lion, as she¡¯d feared. On the other, three sleek black shapes ran across a field as yellow as butter. Dogs, she thought. Arya had seen those dogs before, but where? 
¡¡¡¡It didn¡¯t matter. The only thing that mattered was that they had Gendry. Even if he was stubborn and stupid, she had to get him out. She wondered if they knew that the queen wanted him. 
¡¡¡¡One of the guards took off his helm and donned Gendry¡¯s instead. It made her angry to see him wearing it, but she knew there was nothing she could do to stop him. She thought she heard more screams from inside the windowless storehouse, muffled by the masonry, but it was hard to be certain. 
¡¡¡¡She stayed long enough to see the guard changed, and much more besides. Men came and went. They led their horses down to the stream to drink. A hunting party returned from the wood, carrying a deer¡¯s carcass slung from a pole. She watched them clean and gut it and build a cookfire on the far side of the stream, and the smell of cooking meat mingled queerly with the stench of corruption. Her empty belly roiled and she thought she might retch. The prospect of food brought other men out of the houses, near all of them wearing bits of mail or boiled leather. When the deer was cooked, the choicest portions were carried to one of the houses. 
¡¡¡¡She thought that the dark might let her crawl close and free Gendry, but the guards kindled torches off the cookfire. A squire brought meat and bread to the two guarding the storehouse, and later two more men joined them and they all passed a skin of wine from hand to hand. When it was empty the others left, but the two guards remained, leaning on their spears. 
¡¡¡¡Arya¡¯s arms and legs were stiff when she finally wriggled out from under the briar into the dark of the wood. It was a black night, with a thin sliver of moon appearing and disappearing as the clouds blew past. Silent as a shadow, she told herself as she moved through the trees. In this darkness she dared not run, for fear of tripping on some unseen root or losing her way. On her left Gods Eye lapped calmly against its shores. On her right a wind sighed through the branches, and leaves rustled and stirred. Far off, she heard the howling of wolves. 
¡¡¡¡Lommy and Hot Pie almost shit themselves when she stepped out of the trees behind them. ¡°Quiet,¡± she told them, putting an arm around Weasel when the little girl came running up. 
¡¡¡¡Hot Pie stared at her with big eyes. ¡°We thought you left us.¡± He had his shortsword in hand, the one Yoren had taken off the gold cloak. ¡°I was scared you was a wolf.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Where¡¯s the Bull?¡± asked Lommy. 
¡¡¡¡¡°They caught him,¡± Arya whispered. ¡°We have to get him out. Hot Pie, you got to help. We¡¯ll sneak up and kill the guards, and then I¡¯ll open the door.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Hot Pie and Lommy exchanged a look. ¡°How many?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I couldn¡¯t count,¡± Arya admitted. ¡°Twenty at least, but only two on the door.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Hot Pie looked as if he were going to cry. ¡°We can¡¯t fight twenty.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°You only need to fight one. I¡¯ll do the other and we¡¯ll get Gendry out and run.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°We should yield,¡± Lommy said. ¡°Just go in and yield.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Arya shook her head stubbornly. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Then just leave him, Arry,¡± Lommy pleaded. ¡°They don¡¯t know about the rest of us. If we hide, they¡¯ll go away, you know they will. It¡¯s not our fault Gendry¡¯s captured.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°You¡¯re stupid, Lommy,¡± Arya said angrily. ¡°You¡¯ll die if we don¡¯t get Gendry out. Who¡¯s going to carry you?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°You and Hot Pie.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°All the time, with no one else to help? We¡¯ll never do it. Gendry was the strong one. Anyhow, I don¡¯t care what you say, I¡¯m going back for him.¡± She looked at Hot Pie. ¡°Are you coming?¡± Hot Pie glanced at Lommy, at Arya, at Lommy again. ¡°I¡¯ll come,¡± he said reluctantly. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Lommy, you keep Weasel here.¡± 
¡¡¡¡He grabbed the little girl by the hand and pulled her close. ¡°What if the wolves come?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Yield,¡± Arya suggested. 
¡¡¡¡Finding their way back to the village seemed to take hours. Hot Pie kept stumbling in the dark and losing his way, and Arya had to wait for him and double back. Finally she took him by the hand and led him along through the trees. ¡°Just be quiet and follow.¡± When they could make out the first faint glow of the village fires against the sky, she said, ¡°There¡¯s dead men hanging on the other side of the hedge, but they¡¯re nothing to be scared of, just remember fear cuts deeper than swords. We have to go real quiet and slow.¡± Hot Pie nodded. 
