¡¡¡¡The rattle of iron made his ears prick up. His brother heard it too. They raced through the undergrowth toward the sound. Bounding across the still water at the foot of the old white one, he caught the scent of a stranger, the mansmell well mixed with leather and earth and iron. 
¡¡¡¡The intruders had pushed a few yards into the wood when he came upon them; a female and a young male, with no taint of fear to them, even when he showed them the white of his teeth. His brother growled low in his throat, yet still they did not run. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Here they come,¡± the female said. Meera, some part of him whispered, some wisp of the sleeping boy lost in the wolf dream. ¡°Did you know they would be so big?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°They will be bigger still before they are grown,¡± the young male said, watching them with eyes large, green, and unafraid. ¡°The black one is full of fear and rage, but the grey is strong . . . stronger than he knows . . . can you feel him, sister?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°No,¡± she said, moving a hand to the hilt of the long brown knife she wore. ¡°Go careful, Jojen.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°He won¡¯t hurt me. This is not the day I die.¡± The male walked toward them, unafraid, and reached out for his muzzle, a touch as light as a summer breeze. Yet at the brush of those fingers the wood dissolved and the very ground turned to smoke beneath his feet and swirled away laughing, and then he was spinning and falling, falling, falling . . . 
¡¡¡¡CHAPTER 22 
¡¡¡¡CATELYN 
¡¡¡¡As she slept amidst the rolling grasslands, Catelyn dreamt that Bran was whole again, that Arya and Sansa held hands, that Rickon was still a babe at her breast. Robb, crownless, played with a wooden sword, and when all were safe asleep, she found Ned in her bed, smiling. 
¡¡¡¡Sweet it was, sweet and gone too soon. Dawn came cruel, a dagger of light. She woke aching and alone and weary; weary of riding, weary of hurting, weary of duty. I want to weep, she thought. I want to be comforted. I¡¯m so tired of being strong. I want to be foolish and frightened for once. Just for a small while, that¡¯s all . . . a day . . . an hour . . . 
¡¡¡¡Outside her tent, men were stirring. She heard the whicker of horses, Shadd complaining of stiffness in his back, Ser Wendel calling for his bow. Catelyn wished they would all go away. They were good men, loyal, yet she was tired of them all. It was her children she yearned after. One day, she promised herself as she lay abed, one day she would allow herself to be less than strong. 
¡¡¡¡But not today. It could not be today. 
¡¡¡¡Her fingers seemed more clumsy than usual as she fumbled on her clothes. She supposed she ought to be grateful that she had any use of her hands at all. The dagger had been Valyrian steel, and Valyrian steel bites deep and sharp. She had only to look at the scars to remember. 
¡¡¡¡Outside, Shadd was stirring oats into a kettle, while Ser Wendel Manderly sat stringing his bow. ¡°My lady,¡± he said when Catelyn emerged. ¡°There are birds in this grass. Would you fancy a roast quail to break your fast this morning?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Oats and bread are sufficient . . . for all of us, I think. We have many leagues yet to ride, Ser Wendel.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°As you will, my lady.¡± The knight¡¯s moon face looked crestfallen, the tips of his great walrus mustache twitching with disappointment. ¡°Oats and bread, and what could be better?¡± He was one of the fattest men Catelyn had ever known, but howevermuch he loved his food, he loved his honor more. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Found some nettles and brewed a tea,¡± Shadd announced. ¡°Will m¡¯lady take a cup?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Yes, with thanks.¡± 
¡¡¡¡She cradled the tea in her scarred hands and blew on it to cool it. Shadd was one of the Winterfell men. Robb had sent twenty of his best to see her safely to Renly. He had sent five lordlings as well, whose names and high birth would add weight and honor to her mission. As they made their way south, staying well clear of towns and holdfasts, they had seen bands of mailed men more than once, and glimpsed smoke on the eastern horizon, but none had dared molest them. They were too weak to be a threat, too many to be easy prey. Once across the Blackwater, the worst was behind. For the past four days, they had seen no signs of war. 
¡¡¡¡Catelyn had never wanted this. She had told Robb as much, back in Riverrun. ¡°When last I saw Renly, he was a boy no older than Bran. I do not know him. Send someone else. My place is here with my father, for whatever time he has left.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Her son had looked at her unhappily. ¡°There is no one else. I cannot go myself. Your father¡¯s too ill. The Blackfish is my eyes and ears, I dare not lose him. Your brother I need to hold Riverrun when we march¡ª¡± ¡°March?¡± No one had said a word to her of marching. 
