¡¡¡¡Thousands of cookfires filled the air with a pale smoky haze. The horse lines alone stretched out over leagues. A forest had surely been felled to make the tall staffs that held the banners. Great siege engines lined the grassy verge of the roseroad, mangonels and trebuchets and rolling rams mounted on wheels taller than a man on horseback. The steel points of pikes flamed red with sunlight, as if already blooded, while the pavilions of the knights and high lords sprouted from the grass like silken mushrooms. She saw men with spears and men with swords, men in steel caps and mail shirts, camp followers strutting their charms, archers fletching arrows, teamsters driving wagons, swineherds driving pigs, pages running messages, squires honing swords, knights riding palfreys, grooms leading ill-tempered destriers. ¡°This is a fearsome lot of men,¡± Ser Wendel Manderly observed as they crossed the ancient stone span from which Bitterbridge took its name. 
¡¡¡¡¡°That it is,¡± Catelyn agreed. 
¡¡¡¡Near all the chivalry of the south had come to Renly¡¯s call, it seemed. The golden rose of Highgarden was seen everywhere: sewn on the right breast of armsmen and servants, flapping and fluttering from the green silk banners that adorned lance and pike, painted upon the shields hung outside the pavilions of the sons and brothers and cousins and uncles of House Tyrell. As well Catelyn spied the fox-and-flowers of House Florent, Fossoway apples red and green, Lord Tarly¡¯s striding huntsman, oak leaves for Oakheart, cranes for Crane, a cloud of black-and-orange butterflies for the Mullendores. 
¡¡¡¡Across the Mander, the storm lords had raised their standards; Renly¡¯s own bannermen, sworn to House Baratheon and Storm¡¯s End. Catelyn recognized Bryce Caron¡¯s nightingales, the Penrose quills, and Lord Estermont¡¯s sea turtle, green on green. Yet for every shield she knew, there were a dozen strange to her, borne by the small lords sworn to the bannermen, and by hedge knights and freeriders, who had come swarming to make Renly Baratheon a king in fact as well as name. 
¡¡¡¡Renly¡¯s own standard flew high over all. From the top of his tallest siege tower, a wheeled oaken immensity covered with rawhides, streamed the largest war banner that Catelyn had ever seen¡ªa cloth big enough to carpet many a hall, 
¡¡¡¡shimmering gold, with the crowned stag of Baratheon black upon it, prancing proud and tall. 
¡¡¡¡¡°My lady, do you hear that noise?¡± asked Hallis Mollen, trotting close. ¡°What is that?¡± 
¡¡¡¡She listened. Shouts, and horses screaming, and the clash of steel, and . . . ¡°Cheering,¡± she said. They had been riding up a gentle slope toward a line of brightly colored pavilions on the height. As they passed between them, the press of men grew thicker, the sounds louder. And then she saw. 
¡¡¡¡Below, beneath the stone-and-timber battlements of a small castle, a melee was in progress. 
¡¡¡¡A field had been cleared off, fences and galleries and tilting barriers thrown up. Hundreds were gathered to watch, perhaps thousands. From the looks of the grounds, torn and muddy and littered with bits of dinted armor and broken lances, they had been at it for a day or more, but now the end was near. Fewer than a score of knights remained ahorse, charging and slashing at each other as watchers and fallen combatants cheered them on. She saw two destriers collide in full armor, going down in a tangle of steel and horseflesh. ¡°A tourney,¡± Hal Mollen declared. He had a penchant for loudly announcing the obvious. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Oh, splendid,¡± Ser Wendel Manderly said as a knight in a rainbowstriped cloak wheeled to deliver a backhand blow with a long-handled axe that shattered the shield of the man pursuing him and sent him reeling in his stirrups. 
¡¡¡¡The press in front of them made further progress difficult. ¡°Lady Stark,¡± Ser Colen said, ¡°if your men would be so good as to wait here, I¡¯ll present you to the king.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°As you say.¡± She gave the command, though she had to raise her voice to be heard above the tourney din. Ser Colen walked his horse slowly through the throngs, with Catelyn riding in his wake. A roar went up from the crowd as a helmetless red-bearded man with a griffin on his shield went down before a big knight in blue armor. His steel was a deep cobalt, even the blunt morningstar he wielded with such deadly effect, his mount barded in the quartered sun-and-moon heraldry of House Tarth. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Red Ronnet¡¯s down, gods be damned,¡± a man cursed. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Loras¡¯ll do for that blue¡ª¡± a companion answered before a roar drowned out the rest of his words. 
¡¡¡¡Another man was fallen, trapped beneath his injured horse, both of them screaming in pain. Squires rushed out to aid them. 
¡¡¡¡This is madness, Catelyn thought. Real enemies on every side and half the realm in flames, and Renly sits here playing at war like a boy with his first wooden sword. 
