¡¡¡¡Craster wiped his drooping mouth with the back of a hairy hand. ¡°I¡¯ll taste your wine, Lord Crow, that I will. One more thing. Any man lays a hand on my wives, he loses the hand.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Your roof, your rule,¡± said Thoren Smallwood, and Lord Mormont nodded stiffly, though he looked none too pleased. 
¡¡¡¡¡°That¡¯s settled, then.¡± Craster grudged them a grunt. ¡°D¡¯ya have a man can draw a map?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Sam Tarly can.¡± Jon pushed forward. ¡°Sam loves maps.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Mormont beckoned him closer. ¡°Send him here after he¡¯s eaten. Have him bring quill and parchment. And find Tollett as well. Tell him to bring my axe. A guest gift for our host.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Who¡¯s this one now?¡± Craster said before Jon could go. ¡°He has the look of a Stark.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°My steward and squire, Jon Snow.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°A bastard, is it?¡± Craster looked Jon up and down. ¡°Man wants to bed a woman, seems like he ought to take her to wife. That¡¯s what I do.¡± He shooed Jon off with a wave. ¡°Well, run and do your service, bastard, and see that axe is good and sharp now, I¡¯ve no use for dull steel.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Jon Snow bowed stiffly and took his leave. Ser Ottyn Wythers was coming in as he was leaving, and they almost collided at the deerhide door. Outside, the rain seemed to have slackened. Tents had gone up all over the compound. Jon could see the tops of others under the trees. 
¡¡¡¡Dolorous Edd was feeding the horses. ¡°Give the wildling an axe, why not?¡± He pointed out Mormont¡¯s weapon, a shorthafted battle-axe with gold scrollwork inlaid on the black steel blade. ¡°He¡¯ll give it back, I vow. Buried in the Old Bear¡¯s skull, like as not. Why not give him all our axes, and our swords as well? I mislike the way they clank and rattle as we ride. We¡¯d travel faster without them, straight to hell¡¯s door. Does it rain in hell, I wonder? Perhaps Craster would like a nice hat instead.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Jon smiled. ¡°He wants an axe. And wine as well.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°See, the Old Bear¡¯s clever. If we get the wildling well and truly drunk, perhaps he¡¯ll only cut off an ear when he tries to slay us with that axe. I have two ears but only one head.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Smallwood says Craster is a friend to the Watch.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Do you know the difference between a wildling who¡¯s a friend to the Watch and one who¡¯s not?¡± asked the dour squire. ¡°Our enemies leave our bodies for the crows and the wolves. Our friends bury us in secret graves. I wonder how long that bear¡¯s been nailed up on that gate, and what Craster had there before we came hallooing?¡± Edd looked at the axe doubtfully, the rain running down his long face. ¡°Is it dry in there?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Drier than out here.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°If I lurk about after, not too close to the fire, belike they¡¯ll take no note of me till morn. The ones under his roof will be the first he murders, but at least we¡¯ll die dry.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Jon had to laugh. ¡°Craster¡¯s one man. We¡¯re two hundred. I doubt he¡¯ll murder anyone.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°You cheer me,¡± said Edd, sounding utterly morose. ¡°And besides, there¡¯s much to be said for a good sharp axe. I¡¯d hate to be murdered with a maul. I saw a man hit in the brow with a maul once. Scarce split the skin at all, but his head turned mushy and swelled up big as a gourd, only purply-red. A comely man, but he died ugly. It¡¯s good that we¡¯re not giving them mauls.¡± Edd walked away shaking his head, his sodden black cloak shedding rain behind him. 
¡¡¡¡Jon got the horses fed before he stopped to think of his own supper. He was wondering where to find Sam when he heard a shout of fear. ¡°Wolf!¡± He sprinted around the hall toward the cry, the earth sucking at his boots. One of Craster¡¯s women was backed up against the mud-spattered wall of the keep. ¡°Keep away,¡± she was shouting at Ghost. ¡°You keep away!¡± The direwolf had a rabbit in his mouth and another dead and bloody on the ground before him. ¡°Get it away, m¡¯lord,¡± she pleaded when she saw him. 
¡¡¡¡¡°He won¡¯t hurt you.¡± He knew at once what had happened; a wooden hutch, its slats shattered, lay on its side in the wet grass. ¡°He must have been hungry. We haven¡¯t seen much game.¡± Jon whistled. The direwolf bolted down the rabbit, crunching the small bones between his teeth, and padded over to him. 
¡¡¡¡The woman regarded them with nervous eyes. She was younger than he¡¯d thought at first. A girl of fifteen or sixteen years, he judged, dark hair plastered across a gaunt face by the falling rain, her bare feet muddy to the ankles. The body under the sewn skins was showing in the early turns of pregnancy. ¡°Are you one of Craster¡¯s daughters?¡± he asked. 
¡¡¡¡She put a hand over her belly. ¡°Wife now.¡± Edging away from the wolf, she knelt mournfully beside the broken hutch. ¡°I was going to breed them rabbits. There¡¯s no sheep left.¡± 
