¡¡¡¡¡°The Watch will make good for them.¡± Jon had no coin of his own, or he would have offered it to her . . . though he was not sure what good a few coppers or even a silver piece would do her beyond the Wall. ¡°I¡¯ll speak to Lord Mormont on the morrow.¡± 
¡¡¡¡She wiped her hands on her skirt. ¡°M¡¯lord¡ª¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I¡¯m no lord.¡± 
¡¡¡¡But others had come crowding round, drawn by the woman¡¯s scream and the crash of the rabbit hutch. ¡°Don¡¯t you believe him, girl,¡± called out Lark the Sisterman, a ranger mean as a cur. ¡°That¡¯s Lord Snow himself.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Bastard of Winterfell and brother to kings,¡± mocked Chett, who¡¯d left his hounds to see what the commotion was about. 
¡¡¡¡¡°That wolf¡¯s looking at you hungry, girl,¡± Lark said. ¡°Might be it fancies that tender bit in your belly.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Jon was not amused. ¡°You¡¯re scaring her.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Warning her, more like.¡± Chett¡¯s grin was as ugly as the boils that covered most of his face. 
¡¡¡¡¡°We¡¯re not to talk to you,¡± the girl remembered suddenly. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Wait,¡± Jon said, too late. She bolted, ran. 
¡¡¡¡Lark made a grab for the second rabbit, but Ghost was quicker. When he bared his teeth, the Sisterman slipped in the mud and went down on his bony butt. The others laughed. The direwolf took the rabbit in his mouth and brought it to Jon. 
¡¡¡¡¡°There was no call to scare the girl,¡± he told them. 
¡¡¡¡¡°We¡¯ll hear no scolds from you, bastard.¡± Chett blamed Jon for the loss of his comfortable position with Maester Aemon, and not without justice. If he had not gone to Aemon about Sam Tarly, Chett would still be tending an old blind man instead of a pack of ill-tempered hunting hounds. ¡°You may be the Lord Commander¡¯s pet, but you¡¯re not the Lord Commander . . . and you wouldn¡¯t talk so bloody bold without that monster of yours always about.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I¡¯ll not fight a brother while we¡¯re beyond the Wall,¡± Jon answered, his voice cooler than he felt. 
¡¡¡¡Lark got to one knee. ¡°He¡¯s afraid of you, Chett. On the Sisters, we have a name for them like him.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I know all the names. Save your breath.¡± He walked away, Ghost at his side. The rain had dwindled to a thin drizzle by the time he reached the gate. Dusk would be on them soon, followed by another wet dark dismal night. The clouds would hide moon and stars and Mormont¡¯s Torch, turning the woods black as pitch. Every piss would be an adventure, if not quite of the sort Jon Snow had once envisioned. 
¡¡¡¡Out under the trees, some rangers had found enough duff and dry wood to start a fire beneath a slanting ridge of slate. Others had raised tents or made rude shelters by stretching their cloaks over low branches. Giant had crammed himself inside the hollow of a dead oak. ¡°How d¡¯ye like my castle, Lord Snow?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°It looks snug. You know where Sam is?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Keep on the way you were. If you come on Ser Ottyn¡¯s pavilion, you¡¯ve gone too far.¡± Giant smiled. ¡°Unless Sam¡¯s found him a tree too. What a tree that would be.¡± 
¡¡¡¡It was Ghost who found Sam in the end. The direwolf shot ahead like a quarrel from a crossbow. Under an outcrop of rock that gave some small degree of shelter from the rain, Sam was feeding the ravens. His boots squished when he moved. ¡°My feet are soaked through,¡± he admitted miserably. ¡°When I climbed off my horse, I stepped in a hole and went in up to my knees.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Take off your boots and dry your stockings. I¡¯ll find some dry wood. If the ground¡¯s not wet under the rock, we might be able to get a fire burning.¡± Jon showed Sam the rabbit. ¡°And we¡¯ll feast.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Won¡¯t you be attending Lord Mormont in the hall?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°No, but you will. The Old Bear wants you to map for him. Craster says he¡¯ll find Mance Rayder for us.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Oh.¡± Sam did not look anxious to meet Craster, even if it meant a warm fire. 
¡¡¡¡¡°He said eat first, though. Dry your feet.¡± Jon went to gather fuel, digging down under deadfalls for the drier wood beneath and peeling back layers of sodden pine needles until he found likely kindling. Even then, it seemed to take forever for a spark to catch. He hung his cloak from the rock to keep the rain off his smoky little fire, making them a small snug alcove. 
¡¡¡¡As he knelt to skin the rabbit, Sam pulled off his boots. ¡°I think there¡¯s moss growing between my toes,¡± he declared mournfully, wriggling the toes in question. ¡°The rabbit will taste good. I don¡¯t even mind about the blood and all.¡± He looked away. ¡°Well, only a little . . .¡± 
¡¡¡¡Jon spitted the carcass, banked the fire with a pair of rocks, and balanced their meal atop them. The rabbit had been a scrawny thing, but as it cooked it smelled like a king¡¯s feast. Other rangers gave them envious looks. Even Ghost looked up hungrily, flames shining in his red eyes as he sniffed. ¡°You had yours before,¡± Jon reminded him. 
