¡¡¡¡¡°And has, for many a year. It will do him no harm to wait a little longer . . . but if you fear his wrath, scurry after him by all means. You ought to have no trouble catching our uncles.¡± She smiled. ¡°One is drunk on seawater, after all, and the other is a great grey bullock so dim he¡¯ll probably get lost.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Theon sat back down, annoyed. ¡°I run after no man.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°No man, but every woman?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°It was not me who grabbed your cock.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I don¡¯t have one, remember? You grabbed every other bit of me quick enough.¡± 
¡¡¡¡He could feel the flush creeping up his cheeks. ¡°I¡¯m a man with a man¡¯s hungers. What sort of unnatural creature are you?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Only a shy maid.¡± Asha¡¯s hand darted out under the table to give his cock a squeeze. Theon nearly jumped from his chair. ¡°What, don¡¯t you want me to steer you into port, brother?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Marriage is not for you,¡± Theon decided. ¡°When I rule, I believe I will pack you off to the silent sisters.¡± He lurched to his feet and strode off unsteadily to find his father. 
¡¡¡¡Rain was falling by the time he reached the swaying bridge out to the Sea Tower. His stomach was crashing and churning like the waves below, and wine had unsteadied his feet. Theon gritted his teeth and gripped the rope tightly as he made his way across, pretending that it was Asha¡¯s neck he was clutching. 
¡¡¡¡The solar was as damp and drafty as ever. Buried under his sealskin robes, his father sat before the brazier with his brothers on either side of him. Victarion was talking of tides and winds when Theon entered, but Lord Balon waved him silent. ¡°I have made my plans. It is time you heard them.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I have some suggestions¡ª¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°When I require your counsel I shall ask for it,¡± his father said. ¡°We have had a bird from Old Wyk. Dagmer is bringing the Drumms and Stonehouses. If the god grants us good winds, we will sail when they arrive . . . or you will. I mean for you to strike the first blow, Theon. You shall take eight longships north¡ª¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Eight?¡± His face reddened. ¡°What can I hope to accomplish with only eight longships?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°You are to harry the Stony Shore, raiding the fishing villages and sinking any ships you chance to meet. It may be that you will draw some of the northern lords out from behind their stone walls. Aeron will accompany you, and Dagmer Cleftjaw.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°May the Drowned God bless our swords,¡± the priest said. 
¡¡¡¡Theon felt as if he¡¯d been slapped. He was being sent to do reaver¡¯s work, burning fishermen out of their hovels and raping their ugly daughters, and yet it seemed Lord Balon did not trust him sufficiently to do even that much. Bad enough to have to suffer the Damphair¡¯s scowls and chidings. With Dagmer Cleftjaw along as well, his command would be purely nominal. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Asha my daughter,¡± Lord Balon went on, and Theon turned to see that his sister had slipped in silently, ¡°you shall take thirty longships of picked men round Sea Dragon Point. Land upon the tidal flats north of Deepwood Motte. March quickly, and the castle may fall before they even know you are upon them.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Asha smiled like a cat in cream. ¡°I¡¯ve always wanted a castle,¡± she said sweetly. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Then take one.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Theon had to bite his tongue. Deepwood Motte was the stronghold of the Glovers. With both Robett and Galbart warring in the south, it would be lightly held, and once the castle fell the ironmen would have a secure base in the heart of the north. I should be the one sent to take Deepwood. He knew Deepwood Motte, he had visited the Glovers several times with Eddard Stark. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Victarion,¡± Lord Balon said to his brother, ¡°the main thrust shall fall to you. When my sons have struck their blows, Winterfell must respond. You should meet small opposition as you sail up Saltspear and the Fever River. At the headwaters, you will be less than twenty miles from Moat Cailin. The Neck is the key to the kingdom. Already we command the western seas. Once we hold Moat Cailin, the pup will not be able to win back to the north . . . and if he is fool enough to try, his enemies will seal the south end of the causeway behind him, and Robb the boy will find himself caught like a rat in a 
¡¡¡¡bottle.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Theon could keep silent no longer. ¡°A bold plan, Father, but the lords in their castles¡ª¡± 
¡¡¡¡Lord Balon rode over him. ¡°The lords are gone south with the pup. Those who remained behind are the cravens, old men, and green boys. They will yield or fall, one by one. Winterfell may defy us for a year, but what of it? The rest shall be ours, forest and field and hall, and we shall make the folk our thralls and salt wives.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Aeron Damphair raised his arms. ¡°And the waters of wrath will rise high, and the Drowned God will spread his dominion across the green lands!¡± 
