¡¡¡¡His sister¡¯s nails dug painfully into his arms. For a moment she stared incredulous, as if he had begun to gibber in an unknown tongue. ¡°Stannis and Renly are fighting each other?¡± When he nodded, Cersei began to chuckle. ¡°Gods be good,¡± she gasped, ¡°I¡¯m starting to believe that Robert was the clever one.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Tyrion threw back his head and roared. They laughed together. Cersei pulled him off the bed and whirled him around and even hugged him, for a moment as giddy as a girl. By the time she let go of him, Tyrion was breathless and dizzy. He 
¡¡¡¡staggered to her sideboard and put out a hand to steady himself. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Do you think it will truly come to battle between them? If they should come to some accord¡ª¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°They won¡¯t,¡± Tyrion said. ¡°They are too different and yet too much alike, and neither could ever stomach the other.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°And Stannis has always felt he was cheated of Storm¡¯s End,¡± Cersei said thoughtfully. ¡°The ancestral seat of House Baratheon, his by rights . . . if you knew how many times he came to Robert singing that same dull song in that gloomy aggrieved tone he has. When Robert gave the place to Renly, Stannis clenched his jaw so tight I thought his teeth would shatter.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°He took it as a slight.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°It was meant as a slight,¡± Cersei said. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Shall we raise a cup to brotherly love?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Yes,¡± she answered, breathless. ¡°Oh, gods, yes.¡± 
¡¡¡¡His back was to her as he filled two cups with sweet Arbor red. It was the easiest thing in the world to sprinkle a pinch of fine powder into hers. ¡°To Stannis!¡± he said as he handed her the wine. Harmless when I¡¯m alone, am I? 
¡¡¡¡¡°To Renly!¡± she replied, laughing. ¡°May they battle long and hard, and the Others take them both!¡± 
¡¡¡¡Is this the Cersei that Jaime sees? When she smiled, you saw how beautiful she was, truly. I loved a maid as fair as summer, with sunlight in her hair. He almost felt sorry for poisoning her. 
¡¡¡¡It was the next morning as he broke his fast that her messenger arrived. The queen was indisposed and would not be able to leave her chambers. Not able to leave her privy, more like. Tyrion made the proper sympathetic noises and sent word to Cersei to rest easy, he would treat with Ser Cleos as they¡¯d planned. 
¡¡¡¡The Iron Throne of Aegon the Conqueror was a tangle of nasty barbs and jagged metal teeth waiting for any fool who tried to sit too comfortably, and the steps made his stunted legs cramp as he climbed up to it, all too aware of what an absurd spectacle he must be. Yet there was one thing to be said for it. It was high. 
¡¡¡¡Lannister guardsmen stood silent in their crimson cloaks and lion-crested halfhelms. Ser Jacelyn¡¯s gold cloaks faced them across the hall. The steps to the throne were flanked by Bronn and Ser Preston of the Kingsguard. Courtiers filled the gallery while supplicants clustered near the towering oak-and-bronze doors. Sansa Stark looked especially lovely this morning, though her face was as pale as milk. Lord Gyles stood coughing, while poor cousin Tyrek wore his bridegroom¡¯s mantle of miniver and velvet. Since his marriage to little Lady Ermesande three days past, the other squires had taken to calling him ¡°Wet Nurse¡± and asking him what sort of swaddling clothes his bride wore on their wedding night. 
¡¡¡¡Tyrion looked down on them all, and found he liked it. ¡°Call forth Ser Cleos Frey.¡± His voice rang off the stone walls and down the length of the hall. He liked that too. A pity Shae could not be here to see this, he reflected. She¡¯d asked to come, but it was impossible. 
¡¡¡¡Ser Cleos made the long walk between the gold cloaks and the crimson, looking neither right nor left. As he knelt, Tyrion observed that his cousin was losing his hair. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Ser Cleos,¡± Littlefinger said from the council table, ¡°you have our thanks for bringing us this peace offer from Lord Stark.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Grand Maester Pycelle cleared his throat. ¡°The Queen Regent, the King¡¯s Hand, and the small council have considered the terms offered by this self-styled King in the North. Sad to say, they will not do, and you must tell these northmen so, ser.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Here are our terms,¡± said Tyrion. ¡°Robb Stark must lay down his sword, swear fealty, and return to Winterfell. He must free my brother unharmed, and place his host under Jaime¡¯s command, to march against the rebels Renly and Stannis Baratheon. Each of Stark¡¯s bannermen must send us a son as hostage. A daughter will suffice where there is no son. They shall be treated gently and given high places here at court, so long as their fathers commit no new treasons.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Cleos Frey looked ill. ¡°My lord Hand,¡± he said, ¡°Lord Stark will never consent to these terms.¡± 
