¡¡¡¡The outer gates were banded with copper, the middle with iron; the innermost were studded with golden eyes. All opened at Dany¡¯s approach. As she rode her silver into the city, small children rushed out to scatter flowers in her path. They wore golden sandals and bright paint, no more. 
¡¡¡¡All the colors that had been missing from Vaes Tolorro had found their way to Qarth; buildings crowded about her fantastical as a fever dream in shades of rose, violet, and umber. She passed under a bronze arch fashioned in the likeness of two snakes mating, their scales delicate flakes of jade, obsidian, and lapis lazuli. Slim towers stood taller than any Dany had ever seen, and elaborate fountains filled every square, wrought in the shapes of griffins and dragons and manticores. 
¡¡¡¡The Qartheen lined the streets and watched from delicate balconies that looked too frail to support their weight. They were tall pale folk in linen and samite and tiger fur, every one a lord or lady to her eyes. The women wore gowns that left one breast bare, while the men favored beaded silk skirts. Dany felt shabby and barbaric as she rode past them in her lionskin robe with black Drogon on one shoulder. Her Dothraki called the Qartheen ¡°Milk Men¡± for their paleness, and Khal Drogo had dreamed of the day when he might sack the great cities of the east. She glanced at her bloodriders, their dark almond-shaped eyes giving no hint of their thoughts. Is it only the plunder they see? she wondered. How savage we must seem to these Qartheen. 
¡¡¡¡Pyrat Pree conducted her little khalasar down the center of a great arcade where the city¡¯s ancient heroes stood thrice life-size on columns of white and green marble. They passed through a bazaar in a cavernous building whose latticework ceiling was home to a thousand gaily colored birds. Trees and flowers bloomed on the terraced walls above the stalls, while below it seemed as if everything the gods had put into the world was for sale. 
¡¡¡¡Her silver shied as the merchant prince Xaro Xhoan Daxos rode up to her; the horses could not abide the close presence of camels, she had found. ¡°If you see here anything that you would desire, O most beautiful of women, you have only to speak and it is yours,¡± Xaro called down from his ornate horned saddle. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Qarth itself is hers, she has no need of baubles,¡± blue-lipped Pyat Pree sang out from her other side. ¡°It shall be as I promised, Khaleesi. Come with me to the House of the Undying, and you shall drink of truth and wisdom.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Why should she need your Palace of Dust, when I can give her sunlight and sweet water and silks to sleep in?¡± Xaro said to the warlock. ¡°The Thirteen shall set a crown of black jade and fire opals upon her lovely head.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°The only palace I desire is the red castle at King¡¯s Landing, my lord Pyat.¡± Dany was wary of the warlock; the maegi Mirri Maz Duur had soured her on those who played at sorcery. ¡°And if the great of Qarth would give me gifts, Xaro, let them give me ships and swords to win back what is rightfully mine.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Pyat¡¯s blue lips curled upward in a gracious smile. ¡°It shall be as you command, Khaleesi.¡± He moved away, swaying with his camel¡¯s motion, his long beaded robes trailing behind. 
¡¡¡¡¡°The young queen is wise beyond her years,¡± Xaro Xhoan Daxos murmured down at her from his high saddle. ¡°There is a saying in Qarth. A warlock¡¯s house is built of bones and lies.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Then why do men lower their voices when they speak of the warlocks of Qarth? All across the east, their power and wisdom are revered.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Once they were mighty,¡± Xaro agreed, ¡°but now they are as ludicrous as those feeble old soldiers who boast of their prowess long after strength and skill have left them. They read their crumbling scrolls, drink shade-of-the-evening until their lips turn blue, and hint of dread powers, but they are hollow husks compared to those who went before. Pyat Pree¡¯s gifts will turn to dust in your hands, I warn you.¡± He gave his camel a lick of his whip and sped away. 
¡¡¡¡¡°The crow calls the raven black,¡± muttered Ser Jorah in the Common Tongue of Westeros. The exile knight rode at her right hand, as ever. For their entrance into Qarth, he had put away his Dothraki garb and donned again the plate and mail and wool of the Seven Kingdoms half a world away. ¡°You would do well to avoid both those men, Your Grace.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Those men will help me to my crown,¡± she said. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Xaro has vast wealth, and Pyat Pree pretends to power,¡± the knight said brusquely. On his dark green surcoat, the bear of House Mormont stood on its hind legs, black and fierce. Jorah looked no less ferocious as he scowled at the crowd that filled the bazaar. ¡°I would not linger here long, my queen. I mislike the very smell of this place.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Dany smiled. ¡°Perhaps it¡¯s the camels you¡¯re smelling. The Qartheen themselves seem sweet enough to my nose.¡± 
