¡¡¡¡The city streets were dangerous, but with Bronn beside him Tyrion felt safe enough. The guards let him out a postern gate in the north wall, and they rode down Shadowblack Lane to the foot of Aegon¡¯s High Hill, and thence onto Pigrun Alley, past rows of shuttered windows and tall timber-and-stone buildings whose upper stories leaned out so far over the street they almost kissed. The moon seemed to follow them as they went, playing peek-and-sneak among the chimneys. They encountered no one but a lone old crone, carrying a dead cat by the tail. She gave them a fearful look, as if she were afraid they might try to steal her dinner, and slunk off into the shadows without a word. 
¡¡¡¡Tyrion reflected on the men who had been Hand before him, who had proved no match for his sister¡¯s wiles. How could they be? Men like that . . . too honest to live, too noble to shit, Cersei devours such fools every morning when she breaks her fast. The only way to defeat my sister is to play her own game, and that was something the Lords Stark and Arryn would never do. Small wonder that both of them were dead, while Tyrion Lannister had never felt more alive. His stunted legs might make him a comic grotesque at a harvest ball, but this dance he knew. 
¡¡¡¡Despite the hour, the brothel was crowded. Chataya greeted them pleasantly and escorted them to the common room. Bronn went upstairs with a dark-eyed girl from Dorne, but Alayaya was busy entertaining. ¡°She will be so pleased to know you¡¯ve come,¡± said Chataya. ¡°I will see that the turret room is made ready for you. Will my lord take a cup of wine while he waits?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I will,¡± he said. 
¡¡¡¡The wine was poor stuff compared to the vintages from the Arbor the house normally served. ¡°You must forgive us, my lord,¡± Chataya said. ¡°I cannot find good wine at any price of late.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°You are not alone in that, I fear.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Chataya commiserated with him a moment, then excused herself and glided off. A handsome woman, Tyrion reflected as he watched her go. He had seldom seen such elegance and dignity in a whore. Though to be sure, she saw herself more as a kind of priestess. Perhaps that is the secret. It is not what we do, so much as why we do it. Somehow that thought comforted him. 
¡¡¡¡A few of the other patrons were giving him sideways looks. The last time he ventured out, a man had spit on him . . . well, had tried to. Instead he¡¯d spit on Bronn, and in future would do his spitting without teeth. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Is milord feeling unloved?¡± Dancy slid into his lap and nibbled at his ear. ¡°I have a cure for that.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Smiling, Tyrion shook his head. ¡°You are too beautiful for words, sweetling, but I¡¯ve grown fond of Alayaya¡¯s remedy.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°You¡¯ve never tried mine. Milord never chooses anyone but ¡®Yaya. She¡¯s good but I¡¯m better, don¡¯t you want to see?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Next time, perhaps.¡± Tyrion had no doubt that Dancy would be a lively handful. She was pug-nosed and bouncy, with freckles and a mane of thick red hair that tumbled down past her waist. But he had Shae waiting for him at the manse. 
¡¡¡¡Giggling, she put her hand between his thighs and squeezed him through his breeches. ¡°I don¡¯t think he wants to wait till next time,¡± she announced. ¡°He wants to come out and count all my freckles, I think.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Dancy.¡± Alayaya stood in the doorway, dark and cool in gauzy green silk. ¡°His lordship is come to visit me.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Tyrion gently disentangled himself from the other girl and stood. Dancy did not seem to mind. ¡°Next time,¡± she reminded him. She put a finger in her mouth and sucked it. 
¡¡¡¡As the black-skinned girl led him up the stairs, she said, ¡°Poor Dancy. She has a fortnight to get my lord to choose her. Elsewise she loses her black pearls to Marei.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Marei was a cool, pale, delicate girl Tyrion had noticed once or twice. Green eyes and porcelain skin, long straight silvery hair, very lovely, but too solemn by half. ¡°I¡¯d hate to have the poor child lose her pearls on account of me.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Then take her upstairs next time.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Maybe I will.¡± 
¡¡¡¡She smiled. ¡°I think not, my lord.¡± 
¡¡¡¡She¡¯s right, Tyrion thought, I won¡¯t. Shae may be only a whore, but I am faithful to her after my fashion. 
¡¡¡¡In the turret room, as he opened the door of the wardrobe, he looked at Alayaya curiously. ¡°What do you do while I¡¯m gone?¡± 
¡¡¡¡She raised her arms and stretched like some sleek black cat. ¡°Sleep. I am much better rested since you began to visit us, my lord. And Marei is teaching us to read, perhaps soon I will be able to pass the time with a book.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Sleep is good,¡± he said. ¡°And books are better.¡± He gave her a quick kiss on the cheek. Then it was down the shaft and through the tunnel. 
