¡¡¡¡Sometimes she thought they were all mice within those thick walls, even the knights and the great lords. The size of the castle made even Gregor Clegane seem small. Harrenhal covered thrice as much ground as Winterfell, and its buildings were so much larger they could scarcely be compared. Its stables housed a thousand horses, its godswood covered twenty acres, its kitchens were as large as Winterfell¡¯s Great Hall, and its own great hall, grandly named the Hall of a Hundred Hearths even though it only had thirty and some (Arya had tried to count them, twice, but she came up with thirty-three once and thirty-five the other time) was so cavernous that Lord Tywin could have feasted his entire host, though he never did. Walls, doors, halls, steps, everything was built to an inhuman scale that made Arya remember the stories Old Nan used to tell of the giants who lived beyond the Wall. 
¡¡¡¡And as lords and ladies never notice the little grey mice under their feet, Arya heard all sorts of secrets just by keeping her ears open as she went about her duties. Pretty Pia from the buttery was a slut who was working her way through every knight in the castle. The wife of the gaoler was with child, but the real father was either Ser Alyn Stackspear or a singer called Whitesmile Wat. Lord Lefford made mock of ghosts at table, but always kept a candle burning by his bed. Ser Dunaver¡¯s squire Jodge could not hold his water when he slept. The cooks despised Ser Harys Swyft and spit in all his food. Once she even overheard Maester Tothmure¡¯s serving girl confiding to her brother about some message that said Joffrey was a bastard and not the rightful king at all. ¡°Lord Tywin told him to burn the letter and never speak such filth again,¡± the girl whispered. 
¡¡¡¡King Robert¡¯s brothers Stannis and Renly had joined the fighting, she heard. ¡°And both of them kings now,¡± Weese said. ¡°Realm¡¯s got more kings than a castle¡¯s got rats.¡± Even Lannister men questioned how long Joffrey would hold the Iron Throne. ¡°The lad¡¯s got no army but them gold cloaks, and he¡¯s ruled by a eunuch, a dwarf, and a woman,¡± she heard a lordling mutter in his cups. ¡°What good will the likes of them be if it comes to battle?¡± There was always talk of Beric Dondarrion. A fat archer once said the Bloody Mummers had slain him, but the others only laughed. ¡°Lorch killed the man at Rushing Falls, and the Mountain¡¯s slain him twice. Got me a silver stag says he don¡¯t stay dead this time neither.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Arya did not know who Bloody Mummers were until a fortnight later, when the queerest company of men she¡¯d ever seen arrived at Harrenhal. Beneath the standard of a black goat with bloody horns rode copper men with bells in their braids; lancers astride striped black-and-white horses; bowmen with powdered cheeks; squat hairy men with shaggy shields; brown-skinned men in feathered cloaks; a wispy fool in green-and-pink motley; swordsmen with fantastic forked beards dyed green and purple and silver; spearmen with colored scars that covered their cheeks; a slender man in septon¡¯s robes, a fatherly one in maester¡¯s grey, and a sickly one whose leather cloak was fringed with long blond hair. 
¡¡¡¡At their head was a man stick-thin and very tall, with a drawn emaciated face made even longer by the ropy black beard that grew from his pointed chin nearly to his waist. The helm that hung from his saddle horn was black steel, fashioned in the shape of a goat¡¯s head. About his neck he wore a chain made of linked coins of many different sizes, shapes, and metals, and his horse was one of the strange black-and-white ones. 
¡¡¡¡¡°You don¡¯t want to know that lot, Weasel,¡± Weese said when he saw her looking at the goat-helmed man. Two of his drinking friends were with him, men-at-arms in service to Lord Lefford. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Who are they?¡± she asked. 
¡¡¡¡One of the soldiers laughed. ¡°The Footmen, girl. Toes of the Goat. Lord Tywin¡¯s Bloody Mummers.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Pease for wits. You get her flayed, you can scrub the bloody steps,¡± said Weese. ¡°They¡¯re sellswords, Weasel girl. Call themselves the Brave Companions. Don¡¯t use them other names where they can hear, or they¡¯ll hurt you bad. The goat-helm¡¯s their captain, Lord Vargo Hoat.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°He¡¯s no fucking lord,¡± said the second soldier. ¡°I heard Ser Amory say so. He¡¯s just some sellsword with a mouth full of slobber and a high opinion of hisself.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Aye,¡± said Weese, ¡°but she better call him lord if she wants to keep all her parts.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Arya looked at Vargo Hoat again. How many monsters does Lord Tywin have? 
