모모몷Well, be that as it may, she몶s not much to look at, but Eggon몶s been drinking and gets to touching her, and might be I did a little touching meself, and Raff몶s telling young Stilwood that he ought t몶 drag the girl upstairs and make hisself a man, giving the lad courage as it were. Finally Joss reaches up under her skirt, and she shrieks and drops her flagon and goes running off to the kitchen. Well, it would have ended right there, only what does the old fool do but he goes to Ser and asks him to make us leave the girl alone, him being an anointed knight and all such. 
모모몷Ser Gregor, he wasn몶t paying no mind to none of our fun, but now he looks, you know how he does, and he commands that the girl be brought before him. Now the old man has to drag her out of the kitchen, and no one to blame but hisself. Ser looks her over and says, 몵So this is the whore you몶re so concerned for몶 and this besotted old fool says, 몵My Layna몶s no whore, ser몶 right to Gregor몶s face. Ser, he never blinks, just says, 몵She is now몶 tosses the old man another silver, rips the dress off the wench, and takes her right there on the table in front of her da, her flopping and wiggling like a rabbit and making these noises. The look on the old man몶s face, I laughed so hard ale was coming out me nose. Then this boy hears the noise, the son I figure, and comes rushing up from the cellar, so Raff has to stick a dirk in his belly. By then Ser몶s done, so he goes back to his drinking and we all have a turn. Tobbot, you know how he is, he flops her over and goes in the back way. The girl was done fighting by the time I had her, maybe she몶d decided she liked it after all, though to tell the truth I wouldn몶t have minded a little wiggling. And now here몶s the best bit . . . when it몶s all done, Ser tells the old man that he wants his change. The girl wasn몶t worth a silver, he says . . . and damned if that old man didn몶t fetch a fistful of coppers, beg mlord몶s pardon, and thank him for the custom!몸 
모모The men all roared, none louder than Chiswyck himself, who laughed so hard at his own story that snot dribbled from his nose down into his scraggy grey beard. Arya stood in the shadows of the stairwell and watched him. She crept back down to the cellars without saying a word. When Weese found that she hadn몶t asked about the clothes, he yanked down her breeches and caned her until blood ran down her thighs, but Arya closed her eyes and thought of all the sayings Syrio had taught her, so she scarcely felt it. 
모모Two nights later, he sent her to the Barracks Hall to serve at table. She was carrying a flagon of wine and pouring when she glimpsed Jaqen H몶ghar at his trencher across the aisle. Chewing her lip, Arya glanced around warily to make certain Weese was not in sight. Fear cuts deeper than swords, she told herself. 
모모She took a step, and another, and with each she felt less a mouse. She worked her way down the bench, filling wine cups. Rorge sat to Jaqen몶s right, deep drunk, but he took no note of her. Arya leaned close and whispered, 몷Chiswyck,몸 right in Jaqen몶s ear. The Lorathi gave no sign that he had heard. 
모모When her flagon was empty, Arya hurried down to the cellars to refill it from the cask, and quickly returned to her pouring. No one had died of thirst while she was gone, nor even noted her brief absence. 
모모Nothing happened the next day, nor the day after, but on the third day Arya went to the kitchens with Weese to fetch their dinner. 몷One of the Mountain몶s men fell off a wallwalk last night and broke his fool neck,몸 she heard Weese tell a cook. 
모모몷Drunk?몸 the woman asked. 
모모몷No more몶n usual. Some are saying it was Harren몶s ghost flung him down.몸 He snorted to show what he thought of such notions. 
모모It wasn몶t Harren, Arya wanted to say, it was me. She had killed Chiswyck with a whisper, and she would kill two more before she was through. I몶m the ghost in Harrenhal, she thought. And that night, there was one less name to hate. 
모모CHAPTER 31 
모모CATELYN 
모모The meeting place was a grassy sward dotted with pale grey mushrooms and the raw stumps of felled trees. 
모모몷We are the first, my lady,몸 Hallis Mollen said as they reined up amidst the stumps, alone between the armies. The direwolf banner of House Stark flapped and fluttered atop the lance he bore. Catelyn could not see the sea from here, but she could feel how close it was. The smell of salt was heavy on the wind gusting from the east. 
모모Stannis Baratheon몶s foragers had cut the trees down for his siege towers and catapults. Catelyn wondered how long the grove had stood, and whether Ned had rested here when he led his host south to lift the last siege of Storm몶s End. He had won a great victory that day, all the greater for being bloodless. 
