¡¡¡¡They rode in silence through sparse woodland where the trees leaned drunkenly away from the sea. The nervous whinny of horses and the clank of steel guided them back to Renly¡¯s camp. The long ranks of man and horse were armored in darkness, as black as if the Smith had hammered night itself into steel. There were banners to her right, banners to her left, and rank on rank of banners before her, but in the predawn gloom, neither colors nor sigils could be discerned. A grey army, Catelyn thought. Grey men on grey horses beneath grey banners. As they sat their horses waiting, Renly¡¯s shadow knights pointed their lances upward, so she rode through a forest of tall naked trees, bereft of leaves and life. Where Storm¡¯s End stood was only a deeper darkness, a wall of black through which no stars could shine, but she could see torches moving across the fields where Lord Stannis had made his camp. 
¡¡¡¡The candles within Renly¡¯s pavilion made the shimmering silken walls seem to glow, transforming the great tent into a magical castle alive with emerald light. Two of the Rainbow Guard stood sentry at the door to the royal pavilion. The green light shone strangely against the purple plums of Ser Parmen¡¯s surcoat, and gave a sickly hue to the sunflowers that covered every inch of Ser Emmon¡¯s enameled yellow plate. Long silken plumes flew from their helms, and rainbow cloaks draped their shoulders. 
¡¡¡¡Within, Catelyn found Brienne armoring the king for battle while the Lords Tarly and Rowan spoke of dispositions and tactics. It was pleasantly warm inside, the heat shimmering off the coals in a dozen small iron braziers. ¡°I must speak with you, Your Grace,¡± she said, granting him a king¡¯s style for once, anything to make him heed her. 
¡¡¡¡¡°In a moment, Lady Catelyn,¡± Renly replied. Brienne fit backplate to breastplate over his quilted tunic. The king¡¯s armor was a deep green, the green of leaves in a summer wood, so dark it drank the candlelight. Gold highlights gleamed from inlay and fastenings like distant fires in that wood, winking every time he moved. ¡°Pray continue, Lord Mathis.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Your Grace,¡± Mathis Rowan said with a sideways glance at Catelyn. ¡°As I was saying, our battles are well drawn up. Why wait for daybreak? Sound the advance.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°And have it said that I won by treachery, with an unchivalrous attack? Dawn was the chosen hour.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Chosen by Stannis,¡± Randyll Tarly pointed out. ¡°He¡¯d have us charge into the teeth of the rising sun. We¡¯ll be half-blind.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Only until first shock,¡± Renly said confidently. ¡°Ser Loras will break them, and after that it will be chaos.¡± Brienne tightened green leather straps and buckled golden buckles. ¡°When my brother falls, see that no insult is done to his corpse. He is my own blood, I will not have his head paraded about on a spear.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°And if he yields?¡± Lord Tarly asked. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Yields?¡± Lord Rowan laughed. ¡°When Mace Tyrell laid siege to Storm¡¯s End, Stannis ate rats rather than open his gates.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Well I remember.¡± Renly lifted his chin to allow Brienne to fasten his gorget in place. ¡°Near the end, Ser Gawen Wylde and three of his knights tried to steal out a postern gate to surrender. Stannis caught them and ordered them flung from the walls with catapults. I can still see Gawen¡¯s face as they strapped him down. He had been our master-at-arms.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Lord Rowan appeared puzzled. ¡°No men were hurled from the walls. I would surely remember that.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Maester Cressen told Stannis that we might be forced to eat our dead, and there was no gain in flinging away good meat.¡± Renly pushed back his hair. Brienne bound it with a velvet tie and pulled a padded cap down over his ears, to cushion the weight of his helm. ¡°Thanks to the Onion Knight we were never reduced to dining on corpses, but it was a close thing. Too close for Ser Gawen, who died in his cell.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Your Grace.¡± Catelyn had waited patiently, but time grew short. ¡°You promised me a word.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Renly nodded. ¡°See to your battles, my lords . . . oh, and if Barristan Selmy is at my brother¡¯s side, I want him spared.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°There¡¯s been no word of Ser Barristan since Joffrey cast him out,¡± Lord Rowan objected. 
¡¡¡¡¡°I know that old man. He needs a king to guard, or who is he? Yet he never came to me, and Lady Catelyn says he is not with Robb Stark at Riverrun. Where else but with Stannis?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°As you say, Your Grace. No harm will come to him.¡± The lords bowed deeply and departed. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Say your say, Lady Stark,¡± Renly said. Brienne swept his cloak over his broad shoulders. It was cloth-of-gold, heavy, with the crowned stag of Baratheon picked out in flakes of jet. 
