¡¡¡¡¡°The Lannisters tried to kill my son Bran. A thousand times I have asked myself why. Your brother gave me my answer. There was a hunt the day he fell. Robert and Ned and most of the other men rode out after boar, but Jaime Lannister remained at Winterfell, as did the queen.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Renly was not slow to take the implication. ¡°So you believe the boy caught them at their incest . . .¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I beg you, my lord, grant me leave to go to your brother Stannis and tell him what I suspect.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°To what end?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Robb will set aside his crown if you and your brother will do the same,¡± she said, hoping it was true. She would make it true if she must; Robb would listen to her, even if his lords would not. ¡°Let the three of you call for a Great Council, such as the realm has not seen for a hundred years. We will send to Winterfell, so Bran may tell his tale and all men may know the Lannisters for the true usurpers. Let the assembled lords of the Seven Kingdoms choose who shall rule them.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Renly laughed. ¡°Tell me, my lady, do direwolves vote on who should lead the pack?¡± Brienne brought the king¡¯s gauntlets and greathelm, crowned with golden antlers that would add a foot and a half to his height. ¡°The time for talk is done. Now we see who is stronger.¡± Renly pulled a lobstered green-and-gold gauntlet over his left hand, while Brienne knelt to buckle on his belt, heavy with the weight of longsword and dagger. 
¡¡¡¡¡°I beg you in the name of the Mother,¡± Catelyn began when a sudden gust of wind flung open the door of the tent. She thought she glimpsed movement, but when she turned her head, it was only the king¡¯s shadow shifting against the silken walls. She heard Renly begin a jest, his shadow moving, lifting its sword, black on green, candles guttering, shivering, something was queer, wrong, and then she saw Renly¡¯s sword still in its scabbard, sheathed still, but the shadowsword . . . 
¡¡¡¡¡°Cold,¡± said Renly in a small puzzled voice, a heartbeat before the steel of his gorget parted like cheesecloth beneath the shadow of a blade that was not there. He had time to make a small thick gasp before the blood came gushing out of his throat. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Your Gr¡ªno!¡± cried Brienne the Blue when she saw that evil flow, sounding as scared as any little girl. The king stumbled into her arms, a sheet of blood creeping down the front of his armor, a dark red tide that drowned his green and gold. More candles guttered out. Renly tried to speak, but he was choking on his own blood. His legs collapsed, and only Brienne¡¯s strength held him up. She threw back her head and screamed, wordless in her anguish. 
¡¡¡¡The shadow Something dark and evil had happened here, she knew, something that she could not begin to understand. Renly never cast that shadow Death came in that door and blew the life out of him as swift as the wind snuffed out his candles. Only a few instants passed before Robar Royce and Emmon Cuy came bursting in, though it felt like half the night. A pair of men-at-arms crowded in behind with torches. When they saw Renly in Brienne¡¯s arms, and her drenched with the king¡¯s blood, Ser Robar gave a cry of horror. ¡°Wicked woman!¡± screamed Ser Emmon, he of the sunflowered steel. ¡°Away from him, you vile creature!¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Gods be good, Brienne, why?¡± asked Ser Robar. 
¡¡¡¡Brienne looked up from her king¡¯s body. The rainbow cloak that hung from her shoulders had turned red where the king¡¯s blood had soaked into the cloth. ¡°I . . . I . . .¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°You¡¯ll die for this.¡± Ser Emmon snatched up a long-handled battleaxe from the weapons piled near the door. ¡°You¡¯ll pay for the king¡¯s life with your own!¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°NO!¡± Catelyn Stark screamed, finding her voice at last, but it was too late, the blood madness was on them, and they rushed forward with shouts that drowned her softer words. 
¡¡¡¡Brienne moved faster than Catelyn would have believed. Her own sword was not to hand, so she snatched Renly¡¯s from its scabbard and raised it to catch Emmon¡¯s axe on the downswing. A spark flashed bluewhite as steel met steel with a rending crash, and Brienne sprang to her feet, the body of the dead king thrust rudely aside. Ser Emmon stumbled over it as he tried to close, and Brienne¡¯s blade sheared through the wooden haft to send his axehead spinning. Another man thrust a flaming torch at her back, but the rainbow cloak was too sodden with blood to burn. Brienne spun and cut, and torch and hand went flying. Flames crept across the carpet. The maimed man began to scream. Ser Emmon dropped the axe and fumbled for his sword. The second man-at-arms lunged, Brienne parried, and their swords danced and clanged against each other. When Emmon Cuy came wading back in, Brienne was forced to retreat, yet somehow she held them both at bay. On the ground, Renly¡¯s head rolled sickeningly to one side, and a second mouth yawned wide, the blood coming from him now in slow pulses. 
