¡¡¡¡Now they know I mean what I say. Lord Balon might have given him the command, but Theon knew that some of his men saw only a soft boy from the green lands when they looked at him. ¡°Anyone else have a thirst?¡± No one replied. ¡°Good.¡± He kicked at Benfred¡¯s fallen banner, clutched in the dead hand of the squire who¡¯d borne it. A rabbitskin had been tied below the flag. Why rabbitskins? he had meant to ask, but being spat on had made him forget his questions. He tossed his bow back to Wex and strode off, remembering how elated he¡¯d felt after the Whispering Wood, and wondering why this did not taste as sweet. Tallhart, you bloody overproud fool, you never even sent out a scout. 
¡¡¡¡They¡¯d been joking and even singing as they¡¯d come on, the three trees of Tallhart streaming above them while rabbitskins flapped stupidly from the points of their lances. The archers concealed behind the gorse had spoiled the song with a rain of arrows, and Theon himself had led his men-at-arms out to finish the butcher¡¯s work with dagger, axe, and warhammer. He had ordered their leader spared for questioning. 
¡¡¡¡Only he had not expected it to be Benfred Tallhart. 
¡¡¡¡His limp body was being dragged from the surf when Theon returned to his Sea Bitch. The masts of his longships stood outlined against the sky along the pebbled beach. Of the fishing village, nothing remained but cold ashes that stank when it rained. The men had been put to the sword, all but a handful that Theon had allowed to flee to bring the word to Torrhen¡¯s Square. Their wives and daughters had been claimed for salt wives, those who were young enough and fair. The crones and the ugly ones had simply been raped and killed, or taken for thralls if they had useful skills and did not seem likely to cause trouble. 
¡¡¡¡Theon had planned that attack as well, bringing his ships up to the shore in the chill darkness before the dawn and leaping from the prow with a longaxe in his hand to lead his men into the sleeping village. He did not like the taste of any of this, but what choice did he have? 
¡¡¡¡His thrice-damned sister was sailing her Black Wind north even now, sure to win a castle of her own. Lord Balon had let no word of the hosting escape the Iron Islands, and Theon¡¯s bloody work along the Stony Shore would be put down to sea raiders out for plunder. The northmen would not realize their true peril, not until the hammers fell on Deepwood Motte and Moat Cailin. And after all is done and won, they will make songs for that bitch Asha, and forget that I was even here. That is, if he allowed it. 
¡¡¡¡Dagmer Cleftjaw stood by the high carved prow of his longship, Foamdrinker. Theon had assigned him the task of guarding the ships; otherwise men would have called it Dagmer¡¯s victory, not his. A more prickly man might have taken that for a slight, but the Cleftjaw had only laughed. 
¡¡¡¡¡°The day is won,¡± Dagmer called down. ¡°And yet you do not smile, boy. The living should smile, for the dead cannot.¡± He smiled himself to show how it was done. It made for a hideous sight. Under a snowy white mane of hair, Dagmer Cleftjaw had the most gut-churning scar Theon had ever seen, the legacy of the longaxe that had near killed him as a boy. The blow had splintered his jaw, shattered his front teeth, and left him four lips where other men had but two. A shaggy beard covered his cheeks and neck, but the hair would not grow over the scar, so a shiny seam of puckered, twisted flesh divided his face like a crevasse through a snowfield. ¡°We could hear them singing,¡± the old warrior said. ¡°It was a good song, and they sang it bravely.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°They sang better than they fought. Harps would have done them as much good as their lances did.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°How many men are lost?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Of ours?¡± Theon shrugged. ¡°Todric. I killed him for getting drunk and fighting over loot.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Some men are born to be killed.¡± A lesser man might have been afraid to show a smile as frightening as his, yet Dagmer grinned more often and more broadly than Lord Balon ever had. 
¡¡¡¡Ugly as it was, that smile brought back a hundred memories. Theon had seen it often as a boy, when he¡¯d jumped a horse over a mossy wall, or flung an axe and split a target square. He¡¯d seen it when he blocked a blow from Dagmer¡¯s sword, when he put an arrow through a seagull on the wing, when he took the tiller in hand and guided a longship safely through a snarl of foaming rocks. He gave me more smiles than my father and Eddard Stark together. Even Robb . . . he ought to have won a smile the day he¡¯d saved Bran from that wildling, but instead he¡¯d gotten a scolding, as if he were some cook who¡¯d burned the stew. 
¡¡¡¡¡°You and I must talk, Uncle,¡± Theon said. Dagmer was no true uncle, only a sworn man with perhaps a pinch of Greyjoy blood four or five lives back, and that from the wrong side of the blanket. Yet Theon had always called him uncle nonetheless. 
