¡¡¡¡Catelyn spied a second camp strung out along the bank north of the Tumblestone, familiar standards flapping in the wind¡ª Marq Piper¡¯s dancing maiden, Darry¡¯s plowman, the twining red-and-white snakes of the Paeges. They were all her father¡¯s bannermen, lords of the Trident. Most had left Riverrun before she had, to defend their own lands. If they were here again, it could only mean that Edmure had called them back. Gods save us, it¡¯s true, he means to offer battle to Lord Tywin. 
¡¡¡¡Something dark was dangling against the walls of Riverrun, Catelyn saw from a distance. When she rode close, she saw dead men hanging from the battlements, slumped at the ends of long ropes with hempen nooses tight around their necks, their faces swollen and black. The crows had been at them, but their crimson cloaks still showed bright against the sandstone walls. 
¡¡¡¡¡°They have hanged some Lannisters,¡± Hal Mollen observed. 
¡¡¡¡¡°A pretty sight,¡± Ser Wendel Manderly said cheerfully. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Our friends have begun without us,¡± Perwyn Frey jested. The others laughed, all but Brienne, who gazed up at the row of bodies unblinking, and neither spoke nor smiled. 
¡¡¡¡If they have slain the Kingslayer, then my daughters are dead as well. Catelyn spurred her horse to a canter. Hal Mollen and Robin Flint raced past at a gallop, halooing to the gatehouse. The guards on the walls had doubtless spied her banners some time ago, for the portcullis was up as they approached. 
¡¡¡¡Edmure rode out from the castle to meet her, surrounded by three of her father¡¯s sworn men-great-bellied Ser Desmond Grell the master-at-arms, Utherydes Wayn the steward, and Ser Robin Ryger, Riverrun¡¯s big bald captain of guards. They were all three of an age with Lord Hoster, men who had spent their lives in her father¡¯s service. Old men, Catelyn realized. 
¡¡¡¡Edmure wore a blue-and-red cloak over a tunic embroidered with silver fish. From the look of him, he had not shaved since she rode south; his beard was a fiery bush. ¡°Cat, it is good to have you safely back. When we heard of Renly¡¯s death, we feared for your life. And Lord Tywin is on the march as well.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°So I am told. How fares our father?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°One day he seems stronger, the next He shook his head. ¡°He¡¯s asked for you. I did not know what to tell him.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I will go to him soon,¡± she vowed. ¡°Has there been word from Storm¡¯s End since Renly died? Or from Bitterbridge?¡± No ravens came to men on the road, and Catelyn was anxious to know what had happened behind her. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Nothing from Bitterbridge. From Storm¡¯s End, three birds from the castellan, Ser Cortnay Penrose, all carrying the same plea. Stannis has him surrounded by land and sea. He offers his allegiance to whatsoever king will break the siege. He fears for the boy, he says. What boy would that be, do you know?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Edric Storm,¡± Brienne told them. ¡°Robert¡¯s bastard son.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Edmure looked at her curiously. ¡°Stannis has sworn that the garrison might go free, unharmed, provided they yield the castle within the fortnight and deliver the boy into his hands, but Ser Cortnay will not consent.¡± 
¡¡¡¡He risks all for a baseborn boy whose blood is not even his own, Catelyn thought. ¡°Did you send him an answer?¡± 
¡¡¡¡Edmure shook his head. ¡°Why, when we have neither help nor hope to offer? And Stannis is no enemy of ours.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Ser Robin Ryger spoke. ¡°My lady, can you tell us the manner of Lord Renly¡¯s death? The tales we¡¯ve heard have been queer.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Cat,¡± her brother said, ¡°some say you killed Renly. Others claim it was some southron woman.¡± His glance lingered on Brienne. 
¡¡¡¡¡°My king was murdered,¡± the girl said quietly, ¡°and not by Lady Catelyn. I swear it on my sword, by the gods old and new.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°This is Brienne of Tarth, the daughter of Lord Selwyn the Evenstar, who served in Renly¡¯s Rainbow Guard,¡± Catelyn told them. ¡°Brienne, I am honored to acquaint you with my brother Ser Edmure Tully, heir to Riverrun. His steward Utherydes Wayn. Ser Robin Ryger and Ser Desmond Grell.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Honored,¡± said Ser Desmond. The others echoed him. The girl flushed, embarrassed even at this commonplace courtesy. If Edmure thought her a curious sort of lady, at least he had the grace not to say so. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Brienne was with Renly when he was killed, as was I,¡± said Catelyn, ¡°but we had no part in his death.¡± She did not care to speak of the shadow, here in the open with men all around, so she waved a hand at the bodies. ¡°Who are these men you¡¯ve 
¡¡¡¡hanged?¡± 
¡¡¡¡Edmure glanced up uncomfortably. ¡°They came with Ser Cleos when he brought the queen¡¯s answer to our peace offer.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Catelyn was shocked. ¡°You¡¯ve killed envoys?¡± 
