¡¡¡¡The same lesson you taught his son? Her brother could be stubborn as river rock when his pride was touched, but neither of them was likely to forget how Ser Jaime had cut Edmure¡¯s host to bloody pieces the last time he had offered battle. ¡°We have nothing to gain and everything to lose by meeting Lord Tywin in the field,¡± Catelyn said tactfully. 
¡¡¡¡¡°The yard is not the place to discuss my battle plans.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°As you will. Where shall we go?¡± 
¡¡¡¡Her brother¡¯s face darkened. For a moment she thought he was about to lose his temper with her, but finally he snapped, ¡°The godswood. If you will insist.¡± 
¡¡¡¡She followed him along a gallery to the godswood gate. Edmure¡¯s anger had always been a sulky, sullen thing. Catelyn was sorry she had wounded him, but the matter was too important for her to concern herself with his pride. When they were alone beneath the trees, Edmure turned to face her. 
¡¡¡¡¡°You do not have the strength to meet the Lannisters in the field,¡± she said bluntly. 
¡¡¡¡¡°When all my strength is marshaled, I should have eight thousand foot and three thousand horse,¡± Edmure said. ¡°Which means Lord Tywin will have near twice your numbers.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Robb¡¯s won his battles against worse odds,¡± Edmure replied, ¡°and I have a plan. You¡¯ve forgotten Roose Bolton. Lord Tywin defeated him on the Green Fork, but failed to pursue. When Lord Tywin went to Han renhal, Bolton took the ruby ford and the crossroads. He has ten thousand men. I¡¯ve sent word to Helman Tallhart to join him with the garrison Robb left at the Twins¡ª¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Edmure, Robb left those men to hold the Twins and make certain Lord Walder keeps faith with us.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°He has,¡± Edmure said stubbornly. ¡°The Freys fought bravely in the Whispering Wood, and old Ser Stevron died at Oxcross, we hear. Ser Ryman and Black Walder and the rest are with Robb in the west, Martyn has been of great service scouting, and Ser Perwyn helped see you safe to Renly. Gods be good, how much more can we ask of them? Robb¡¯s betrothed to one of Lord Walder¡¯s daughters, and Roose Bolton wed another, I hear. And haven¡¯t you taken two of his grandsons to be fostered at Winterfell?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°A ward can easily become a hostage, if need be.¡± She had not known that Ser Stevron was dead, nor of Bolton¡¯s marriage. 
¡¡¡¡¡°If we¡¯re two hostages to the good, all the more reason Lord Walder dare not play us false. Bolton needs Frey¡¯s men, and Ser Helman¡¯s as well. I¡¯ve commanded him to retake Harrenhal.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°That¡¯s like to be a bloody business.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Yes, but once the castle falls, Lord Tywin will have no safe retreat. My own levies will defend the fords of Red Fork against his crossing. If he attacks across the river, he¡¯ll end as Rhaegar did when he tried to cross the Trident. If he holds back, he¡¯ll be caught between Riverrun and Harrenhal, and when Robb returns from the west we can finish him for good and all.¡± 
¡¡¡¡Her brother¡¯s voice was full of brusque confidence, but Catelyn found herself wishing that Robb had not taken her uncle Brynden west with him. The Blackfish was the veteran of half a hundred battles; Edmure was the veteran of one, and that one lost. 
¡¡¡¡¡°The plan¡¯s a good one,¡± he concluded. ¡°Lord Tytos says so, and Lord jonos as well. When did Blackwood and Bracken agree about anything that was not certain, I ask you?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Be that as it may.¡± She was suddenly weary. Perhaps she was wrong to oppose him. Perhaps it was a splendid plan, and her misgivings only a woman¡¯s fears. She wished Ned were here, or her uncle Brynden, or . . . ¡°Have you asked Father about this?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Father is in no state to weigh strategies. Two days ago he was making plans for your marriage to Brandon Stark! Go see him yourself if you do not believe me. This plan will work, Cat, you¡¯ll see.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I hope so, Edmure. I truly do.¡± She kissed him on the cheek, to let him know she meant it, and went to find her father. 
¡¡¡¡Lord Hoster Tully was much as she had left him¡ªabed, haggard, flesh pale and clammy. The room smelled of sickness, a cloying odor made up in equal parts of stale sweat and medicine. When she pulled back the drapes, her father gave a low moan, and his eyes fluttered open. He stared at her as if he could not comprehend who she was or what she wanted. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Father.¡± She kissed him. ¡°I am returned.¡± 
¡¡¡¡He seemed to know her then. ¡°You¡¯ve come,¡± he whispered faintly, lips barely moving. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Yes,¡± she said. ¡°Robb sent me south, but I hurried back.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°South . . . where . . . is the Eyrie south, sweetling? I don¡¯t recall . . . oh, dear heart, I was afraid . . . have you forgiven me, child?¡± Tears ran down his cheeks. 
¡¡¡¡¡°You¡¯ve done nothing that needs forgiveness, Father.¡± She stroked his limp white hair and felt his brow. The fever still burned him from within, despite all the maester¡¯s potions. 
