¡¡¡¡¡°It was best,¡± her father whispered. ¡°Jon¡¯s a good man, good . . . strong, kind . . . take care of you . . . he will . . . and well born, listen to me, you must, I¡¯m your father . . . your father . . . you¡¯ll wed when Cat does, yes you will . . .¡± 
¡¡¡¡He thinks I¡¯m Lysa, Catelyn realized. Gods be good, he talks as if we were not married yet. 
¡¡¡¡Her father¡¯s hands clutched at hers, fluttering like two frightened white birds. ¡°That stripling . . . wretched boy . . . not speak that name to me, your duty . . . your mother, she would . . .¡± Lord Hoster cried as a spasm of pain washed over him. ¡°Oh, gods forgive me, forgive me, forgive me. My medicine . . .¡± 
¡¡¡¡And then Maester Vyman was there, holding a cup to his lips. Lord Hoster sucked at the thick white potion as eager as a babe at the breast, and Catelyn could see peace settle over him once more. ¡°He¡¯ll sleep now, my lady,¡± the maester said when the cup was empty. The milk of the poppy had left a thick white film around her father¡¯s mouth. Maester Vyman wiped it away with a sleeve. 
¡¡¡¡Catelyn could watch no more. Hoster Tully had been a strong man, and proud. It hurt her to see him reduced to this. She went out to the terrace. The yard below was crowded with refugees and chaotic with their noises, but beyond the walls the rivers flowed clean and pure and endless. Those are his rivers, and soon he will return to them for his last voyage. 
¡¡¡¡Maester Vyman had followed her out. ¡°My lady,¡± he said softly, ¡°I cannot keep the end at bay much longer. We ought send a rider after his brother. Ser Brynden would wish to be here.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Yes,¡± Catelyn said, her voice thick with her grief. 
¡¡¡¡¡°And the Lady Lysa as well, perhaps?¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Lysa will not come.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°If you wrote her yourself, perhaps . . .¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I will put some words to paper, if that please you.¡± She wondered who Lysa¡¯s ¡°wretched stripling¡± had been. Some young squire or hedge knight, like as not . . . though by the vehemence with which Lord Hoster had opposed him, he might have been a tradesman¡¯s son or baseborn apprentice, even a singer. Lysa had always been too fond of singers. I must not blame her. Jon Arryn was twenty years older than our father, however noble. 
¡¡¡¡The tower her brother had set aside for her use was the very same that she and Lysa had shared as maids. It would feel good to sleep on a featherbed again, with a warm fire in the hearth; when she was rested the world would seem less bleak. But outside her chambers she found Utherydes Wayn waiting with two women clad in grey, their faces cowled save for their eyes. Catelyn knew at once why they were here. ¡°Ned?¡± 
¡¡¡¡The sisters lowered their gaze. Utherydes said, ¡°Ser Cleos brought him from King¡¯s Landing, my lady.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Take me to him,¡± she commanded. 
¡¡¡¡They had laid him out on a trestle table and covered him with a banner, the white banner of House Stark with its grey direwolf sigil. ¡°I would look on him,¡± Catelyn said. 
¡¡¡¡¡°Only the bones remain, my lady.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I would look on him,¡± she repeated. 
¡¡¡¡One of the silent sisters turned down the banner. 
¡¡¡¡Bones, Catelyn thought. This is not Ned, this is not the man I loved, the father of my children. His hands were clasped together over his chest, skeletal fingers curled about the hilt of some longsword, but they were not Ned¡¯s hands, so strong and full of life. They had dressed the bones in Ned¡¯s surcoat, the fine white velvet with the direwolf badge over the heart, but nothing remained of the warm flesh that had pillowed her head so many nights, the arms that had held her. The head had been rejoined to the body with fine silver wire, but one skull looks much like another, and in those empty hollows she found no trace of her lord¡¯s dark grey eyes, eyes that could be soft as a fog or hard as stone. They gave his eyes to crows, she remembered. 
¡¡¡¡Catelyn turned away. ¡°That is not his sword.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Ice was not returned to us, my lady,¡± Utherydes said. ¡°Only Lord Eddard¡¯s bones.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°I suppose I must thank the queen for even that much.¡± 
¡¡¡¡¡°Thank the Imp, my lady. It was his doing.¡± 
¡¡¡¡One day I will thank them all. ¡°I am grateful for your service, sisters,¡± Catelyn said, ¡°but I must lay another task upon you. Lord Eddard was a Stark, and his bones must be laid to rest beneath Winterfell.¡± They will make a statue of him, a stone likeness that will sit in the dark with a direwolf at his feet and a sword across his knees. ¡°Make certain the sisters have fresh horses, and aught else they need for the journey,¡± she told Utherydes Wayn. ¡°Hal Mollen will escort them back to Winterfell, it is his place as captain of guards.¡± She gazed down at the bones that were all that remained of her lord and love. ¡°Now leave me, all of you. I would be alone with Ned tonight.¡± 
