   So close, she thought. Beneath the linen bandages, her fingers still throbbed where the dagger had bitten. The pain was her scourge, Catelyn felt, lest she forget. She could not bend the last two fingers on her left hand, and the others would never again be dexterous. Yet that was a small enough price to pay for Bran¡¯s life.
   Ser Rodrik chose that moment to appear on deck. ¡°My good friend,¡± said Moreo through his forked green beard. The Tyroshi loved bright colors, even in their facial hair. ¡°It is so fine to see you looking better.¡±
   ¡°Yes,¡± Ser Rodrik agreed. ¡°I haven¡¯t wanted to die for almost two days now.¡± He bowed to Catelyn. ¡°My lady.¡±
   He was looking better. A shade thinner than he had been when they set out from White Harbor, but almost himself again. The strong winds in the Bite and the roughness of the narrow sea had not agreed with him, and he¡¯d almost gone over the side when the storm seized them unexpectedly off Dragonstone, yet somehow he had clung to a rope until three of Moreo¡¯s men could rescue him and carry him safely below decks.
   ¡°The captain was just telling me that our voyage is almost at an end,¡± she said.
   Ser Rodrik managed a wry smile. ¡°So soon?¡± He looked odd without his great white side whiskers; smaller somehow, less fierce, and ten years older. Yet back on the Bite it had seemed prudent to submit to a crewman¡¯s razor, after his whiskers had become hopelessly befouled for the third time while he leaned over the rail and retched into the swirling winds.
   ¡°I will leave you to discuss your business,¡± Captain Moreo said. He bowed and took his leave of them.
   The galley skimmed the water like a dragonfly, her oars rising and falling in perfect time. Ser Rodrik held the rail and looked out over the passing shore. ¡°I have not been the most valiant of protectors.¡±
   Catelyn touched his arm. ¡°We are here, Ser Rodrik, and safely. That is all that truly matters.¡± Her hand groped beneath her cloak, her fingers stiff and fumbling. The dagger was still at her side. She found she had to touch it now and then, to reassure herself. ¡°Now we must reach the king¡¯s master-at-arms, and pray that he can be trusted.¡±
   ¡°Ser Aron Santagar is a vain man, but an honest one.¡± Ser Rodrik¡¯s hand went to his face to stroke his whiskers and discovered once again that they were gone. He looked nonplussed. ¡°He may know the blade, yes?.?.?.?but, my lady, the moment we go ashore we are at risk. And there are those at court who will know you on sight.¡±
   Catelyn¡¯s mouth grew tight. ¡°Littlefinger,¡± she murmured. His face swam up before her; a boy¡¯s face, though he was a boy no longer. His father had died several years before, so he was Lord Baelish now, yet still they called him Littlefinger. Her brother Edmure had given him that name, long ago at Riverrun. His family¡¯s modest holdings were on the smallest of the Fingers, and Petyr had been slight and short for his age.
   Ser Rodrik cleared his throat. ¡°Lord Baelish once, ah?.?.?.?¡± His thought trailed off uncertainly in search of the polite word.
   Catelyn was past delicacy. ¡°He was my father¡¯s ward. We grew up together in Riverrun. I thought of him as a brother, but his feelings for me were?.?.?.?more than brotherly. When it was announced that I was to wed Brandon Stark, Petyr challenged for the right to my hand. It was madness. Brandon was twenty, Petyr scarcely fifteen. I had to beg Brandon to spare Petyr¡¯s life. He let him off with a scar. Afterward my father sent him away. I have not seen him since.¡± She lifted her face to the spray, as if the brisk wind could blow the memories away. ¡°He wrote to me at Riverrun after Brandon was killed, but I burned the letter unread. By then I knew that Ned would marry me in his brother¡¯s place.¡±
   Ser Rodrik¡¯s fingers fumbled once again for nonexistent whiskers. ¡°Littlefinger sits on the small council now.¡±
   ¡°I knew he would rise high,¡± Catelyn said. ¡°He was always clever, even as a boy, but it is one thing to be clever and another to be wise. I wonder what the years have done to him.¡±
   High overhead, the far-eyes sang out from the rigging. Captain Moreo came scrambling across the deck, giving orders, and all around them the Storm Dancer burst into frenetic activity as King¡¯s Landing slid into view atop its three high hills.
   Three hundred years ago, Catelyn knew, those heights had been covered with forest, and only a handful of fisherfolk had lived on the north shore of the Blackwater Rush where that deep, swift river flowed into the sea. Then Aegon the Conqueror had sailed from Dragonstone. It was here that his army had put ashore, and there on the highest hill that he built his first crude redoubt of wood and earth.
